docs/docs/api/analysis/getLuminance.mdx, before:

---
id: getLuminance
title: getLuminance
---

# getLuminance

The `getLuminance` function calculates the relative luminance of a color in any supported format. This is an important metric for determining the perceived brightness of a color and is used in calculating contrast ratios.

## Syntax

```typescript
getLuminance(color: string): number
```

### Parameters

- **`color`** (string): The color string in any supported format (hex, rgb, hsl, etc.).

### Returns

- **number**: The relative luminance of the color.

## Example

```typescript
import { getLuminance } from 'colore-js';

const luminance = getLuminance('#ffffff');
console.log(luminance);
// Output: 1

const luminanceRgb = getLuminance('rgb(255, 255, 255)');
console.log(luminanceRgb);
// Output: 1
```

## Usage

The `getLuminance` function is used to determine the perceived brightness of a color. This is particularly useful in web development for ensuring that text and other elements have sufficient contrast against their backgrounds.

Commit message:

docs: Update getLuminance.mdx with description and keywords
The getLuminance.mdx file in the api/analysis section of the docs has been improved. Descriptions, keywords, and structured data have been added to improve SEO and provide more info about the getLuminance function in Colore JS.

docs/docs/api/analysis/getLuminance.mdx, after:

---
id: getLuminance
title: getLuminance
description: "Discover how to use the getLuminance function in Colore JS to calculate the relative luminance of a color. This guide helps you understand color brightness and enhance accessibility in your designs."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - getLuminance
  - calculate luminance
  - color luminance calculation
  - relative luminance
  - color brightness
  - accessibility luminance
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# getLuminance

The `getLuminance` function calculates the relative luminance of a color in any supported format. This is an important metric for determining the perceived brightness of a color and is used in calculating contrast ratios.

## Syntax

```typescript
getLuminance(color: string): number
```

### Parameters

- **`color`** (string): The color string in any supported format (hex, rgb, hsl, etc.).

### Returns

- **number**: The relative luminance of the color.

## Example

```typescript
import { getLuminance } from 'colore-js';

const luminance = getLuminance('#ffffff');
console.log(luminance);
// Output: 1

const luminanceRgb = getLuminance('rgb(255, 255, 255)');
console.log(luminanceRgb);
// Output: 1
```

## Usage

The `getLuminance` function is used to determine the perceived brightness of a color. This is particularly useful in web development for ensuring that text and other elements have sufficient contrast against their backgrounds.
