README.md, before:

# Kolors

[![Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/kolors.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/kolors)
[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/mallikcheripally/kolors/build.yml)](https://github.com/mallikcheripally/kolors/actions)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/kolors.svg)](https://github.com/mallikcheripally/kolors/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/kolors.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/kolors)
[![code style: prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)

Kolors is a JavaScript library for advanced color manipulation and conversion. It provides utility functions to enhance, lighten, darken, and transform colors between various formats such as HEX and RGB.

## Features

- Convert HEX to RGB and vice versa
- Convert RGB to HSL and vice versa
- Lighten and darken colors
- Enhance colors

## Installation

You can install Kolors using npm or Yarn:

```bash
npm install kolors
```
or 
```bash
yarn add kolors
```

## API Reference

### `hexToRgb(hex: string): string`
Converts a HEX color string to an RGB color string.


### `rgbToHex(r: number, g: number, b: number): string`
Converts RGB values to a HEX color string.


### `rgbToHsl(r: number, g: number, b: number): string`
Converts RGB values to an HSL color string.


### `hslToRgb(h: number, s: number, l: number): string`
Converts HSL values to an RGB color string.


### `rgbToCmyk(r: number, g: number, b: number): string`
Converts RGB values to a CMYK color string.


### `cmykToRgb(c: number, m: number, y: number, k: number): string`
Converts CMYK values to an RGB color string.


### `hexToHsl(hex: string): string`
Converts a HEX color string to an HSL color string.


### `hslToHex(h: number, s: number, l: number): string`
Converts HSL values to a HEX color string.


### `rgbToHsv(r: number, g: number, b: number): string`
Converts RGB values to an HSV color string.


### `hsvToRgb(h: number, s: number, v: number): string`
Converts HSV values to an RGB color string.

Commit message:

feat: Rename project from 'kolors' to 'colore'
The project name has been updated from 'kolors' to 'colore'. All references and URLs linked with the old project name (kolors) have been updated accordingly. This includes changes in package.json, README.md and the rollup config files.

README.md, after:

# Colore

[![Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/colore.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/colore)
[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/mallikcheripally/colore/build.yml)](https://github.com/mallikcheripally/colore/actions)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/colore.svg)](https://github.com/mallikcheripally/colore/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/colore.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/colore)
[![code style: prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)

Colore is a JavaScript library for advanced color manipulation and conversion. It provides utility functions to enhance, lighten, darken, and transform colors between various formats such as HEX and RGB.

## Features

- Convert HEX to RGB and vice versa
- Convert RGB to HSL and vice versa
- Lighten and darken colors
- Enhance colors

## Installation

You can install Colore using npm or Yarn:

```bash
npm install colore
```
or 
```bash
yarn add colore
```

## API Reference

### `hexToRgb(hex: string): string`
Converts a HEX color string to an RGB color string.


### `rgbToHex(r: number, g: number, b: number): string`
Converts RGB values to a HEX color string.


### `rgbToHsl(r: number, g: number, b: number): string`
Converts RGB values to an HSL color string.


### `hslToRgb(h: number, s: number, l: number): string`
Converts HSL values to an RGB color string.


### `rgbToCmyk(r: number, g: number, b: number): string`
Converts RGB values to a CMYK color string.


### `cmykToRgb(c: number, m: number, y: number, k: number): string`
Converts CMYK values to an RGB color string.


### `hexToHsl(hex: string): string`
Converts a HEX color string to an HSL color string.


### `hslToHex(h: number, s: number, l: number): string`
Converts HSL values to a HEX color string.


### `rgbToHsv(r: number, g: number, b: number): string`
Converts RGB values to an HSV color string.


### `hsvToRgb(h: number, s: number, v: number): string`
Converts HSV values to an RGB color string.
