docs/docs/api/generators/generateInterpolatedColors.mdx, before:

---
id: generateInterpolatedColors
title: generateInterpolatedColors
---

# generateInterpolatedColors

The `generateInterpolatedColors` function generates interpolated colors between two given colors.

## Syntax

```typescript
generateInterpolatedColors(color1: string, color2: string, steps: number, asString?: true): Array<string>;
generateInterpolatedColors(color1: string, color2: string, steps: number, asString?: false): Array<Object>;
generateInterpolatedColors(color1: string, color2: string, steps: number, asString: boolean = true): Array<string | Object>;
```

### Parameters

- **`color1`** (string): The starting color in any supported format.
- **`color2`** (string): The ending color in same format as `color1`.
- **`steps`** (number): The number of steps (including start and end colors).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **Array(string)**: The interpolated colors as an array of strings if `asString` is true.
- **Array(Object)**: The interpolated colors as an array of objects if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if the input color formats do not match or are unsupported.

## Example

```typescript
import { generateInterpolatedColors } from 'colore-js';

const color1 = '#ff0000';
const color2 = '#00ff00';
const steps = 5;

// Example usage as strings
const interpolatedColorsStrings = generateInterpolatedColors(color1, color2, steps);
console.log(interpolatedColorsStrings);

// Example usage as objects
const interpolatedColorsObjects = generateInterpolatedColors(color1, color2, steps, false);
console.log(interpolatedColorsObjects);
```

## Usage

The `generateInterpolatedColors` function is useful for generating a gradient or a series of colors transitioning from one color to another. This can be beneficial in various design and visualization applications.

Commit message:

docs: Expand generateInterpolatedColors MDX file
Added a description and keywords to the generateInterpolatedColors .mdx file to improve its SEO value. Also, imported 'StructuredData' component to better organize the structured data on the page.

docs/docs/api/generators/generateInterpolatedColors.mdx, after:

---
id: generateInterpolatedColors
title: generateInterpolatedColors
description: "Learn how to use the generateInterpolatedColors function in Colore JS to create smooth color transitions. This guide covers steps, parameters, and examples to help you generate intermediate colors for your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - generateInterpolatedColors
  - color interpolation
  - color transitions
  - intermediate colors
  - smooth color gradients
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# generateInterpolatedColors

The `generateInterpolatedColors` function generates interpolated colors between two given colors.

## Syntax

```typescript
generateInterpolatedColors(color1: string, color2: string, steps: number, asString?: true): Array<string>;
generateInterpolatedColors(color1: string, color2: string, steps: number, asString?: false): Array<Object>;
generateInterpolatedColors(color1: string, color2: string, steps: number, asString: boolean = true): Array<string | Object>;
```

### Parameters

- **`color1`** (string): The starting color in any supported format.
- **`color2`** (string): The ending color in same format as `color1`.
- **`steps`** (number): The number of steps (including start and end colors).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **Array(string)**: The interpolated colors as an array of strings if `asString` is true.
- **Array(Object)**: The interpolated colors as an array of objects if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if the input color formats do not match or are unsupported.

## Example

```typescript
import { generateInterpolatedColors } from 'colore-js';

const color1 = '#ff0000';
const color2 = '#00ff00';
const steps = 5;

// Example usage as strings
const interpolatedColorsStrings = generateInterpolatedColors(color1, color2, steps);
console.log(interpolatedColorsStrings);

// Example usage as objects
const interpolatedColorsObjects = generateInterpolatedColors(color1, color2, steps, false);
console.log(interpolatedColorsObjects);
```

## Usage

The `generateInterpolatedColors` function is useful for generating a gradient or a series of colors transitioning from one color to another. This can be beneficial in various design and visualization applications.
