docs/docs/api/generators/generateRandomColor.mdx, before:

---
id: generateRandomColor
title: generateRandomColor
---

# generateRandomColor

The `generateRandomColor` function generates a random color in the specified format.

## Syntax

```typescript
generateRandomColor(format: ColorFormat, asString?: true): string;
generateRandomColor(format: ColorFormat, asString?: false): object;
generateRandomColor(format: ColorFormat = ColorFormats.RGB, asString: boolean = true): string | object;
```

### Parameters

- **`format`** (ColorFormat): The desired color format (default is RGB).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the color as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string | object**: The generated color as a string or an object.

### Throws
- **Error**: Throws an error if the color format is unsupported.

## Example

```typescript
import { generateRandomColor, ColorFormats } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const randomHexColor = generateRandomColor(ColorFormats.HEX);
console.log(randomHexColor); // Output: "#a1b2c3" (example)

// Example usage as object
const randomRgbObject = generateRandomColor(ColorFormats.RGB, false);
console.log(randomRgbObject); // Output: { r: 123, g: 234, b: 45 } (example)
```

## Usage

The `getRandomColor` function is useful for generating random colors in various formats, such as RGB, HEX, HSL, and more. This can be helpful in creating dynamic color themes, randomizing visual elements, or testing color manipulations.

Commit message:

docs: Update generateRandomColor.mdx metadata
This commit expands the metadata for the generateRandomColor function documentation. It includes a detailed description, relevant keywords for SEO, and the import of the StructuredData component to improve UI structure and navigation.

docs/docs/api/generators/generateRandomColor.mdx, after:

---
id: generateRandomColor
title: generateRandomColor
description: "Discover how to use the generateRandomColor function in Colore JS to create random colors in various formats. This guide includes syntax, parameters, examples, and use cases to help you implement color randomness in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - generateRandomColor
  - random color in javascript
  - random color generator
  - random color creator
  - color utility function
  - random color css
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# generateRandomColor

The `generateRandomColor` function generates a random color in the specified format.

## Syntax

```typescript
generateRandomColor(format: ColorFormat, asString?: true): string;
generateRandomColor(format: ColorFormat, asString?: false): object;
generateRandomColor(format: ColorFormat = ColorFormats.RGB, asString: boolean = true): string | object;
```

### Parameters

- **`format`** (ColorFormat): The desired color format (default is RGB).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the color as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string | object**: The generated color as a string or an object.

### Throws
- **Error**: Throws an error if the color format is unsupported.

## Example

```typescript
import { generateRandomColor, ColorFormats } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const randomHexColor = generateRandomColor(ColorFormats.HEX);
console.log(randomHexColor); // Output: "#a1b2c3" (example)

// Example usage as object
const randomRgbObject = generateRandomColor(ColorFormats.RGB, false);
console.log(randomRgbObject); // Output: { r: 123, g: 234, b: 45 } (example)
```

## Usage

The `getRandomColor` function is useful for generating random colors in various formats, such as RGB, HEX, HSL, and more. This can be helpful in creating dynamic color themes, randomizing visual elements, or testing color manipulations.
