docs/docs/api/conversions/cmykToRgb.mdx, before:

---
id: cmykToRgb
title: cmykToRgb
---

# cmykToRgb

The `cmykToRgb` function converts CMYK color values to RGB values. This conversion is useful when working with color formats that require RGB values for various applications, including web development and graphic design.

## Syntax

```typescript
cmykToRgb(c: number, m: number, y: number, k: number, asString?: true): string;
cmykToRgb(c: number, m: number, y: number, k: number, asString?: false): { r: number; g: number; b: number };
cmykToRgb(c: number, m: number, y: number, k: number, asString: boolean = true): string | { r: number; g: number; b: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`c`** (number): The cyan value (0-100).
- **`m`** (number): The magenta value (0-100).
- **`y`** (number): The yellow value (0-100).
- **`k`** (number): The key (black) value (0-100).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string | object**: The RGB color string in the format "rgb(r, g, b)" or an object containing the RGB values.

## Example

```typescript
import { cmykToRgb } from 'colore-js';

// Example with asString=true (default)
const rgbString = cmykToRgb(0, 100, 100, 0);
console.log(rgbString); // Output: "rgb(255, 0, 0)"

// Example with asString=false
const rgbObject = cmykToRgb(0, 100, 100, 0, false);
console.log(rgbObject); // Output: { r: 255, g: 0, b: 0 }
```

## Usage

The `cmykToRgb` function is useful for converting CMYK color values, commonly used in printing, to RGB values, which are commonly used in digital displays.

Commit message:

docs: Update cmykToRgb.mdx with detailed information
Add a description and keywords section to cmykToRgb.mdx docs page. Additionally, import StructuredData component for better SEO and data presentation. The changes aim to increase page visibility and improve documentation quality.

docs/docs/api/conversions/cmykToRgb.mdx, after:

---
id: cmykToRgb
title: cmykToRgb
description: "Learn how to use the cmykToRgb function in Colore JS to convert CMYK color values to RGB. This guide covers the syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for color conversion in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - cmykToRgb
  - cmyk to rgb
  - cmyk to rgb color converter
  - convert cmyk to rgb
  - color conversion
  - javascript color conversion
  - css color conversion
  - color manipulation
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# cmykToRgb

The `cmykToRgb` function converts CMYK color values to RGB values. This conversion is useful when working with color formats that require RGB values for various applications, including web development and graphic design.

## Syntax

```typescript
cmykToRgb(c: number, m: number, y: number, k: number, asString?: true): string;
cmykToRgb(c: number, m: number, y: number, k: number, asString?: false): { r: number; g: number; b: number };
cmykToRgb(c: number, m: number, y: number, k: number, asString: boolean = true): string | { r: number; g: number; b: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`c`** (number): The cyan value (0-100).
- **`m`** (number): The magenta value (0-100).
- **`y`** (number): The yellow value (0-100).
- **`k`** (number): The key (black) value (0-100).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string | object**: The RGB color string in the format "rgb(r, g, b)" or an object containing the RGB values.

## Example

```typescript
import { cmykToRgb } from 'colore-js';

// Example with asString=true (default)
const rgbString = cmykToRgb(0, 100, 100, 0);
console.log(rgbString); // Output: "rgb(255, 0, 0)"

// Example with asString=false
const rgbObject = cmykToRgb(0, 100, 100, 0, false);
console.log(rgbObject); // Output: { r: 255, g: 0, b: 0 }
```

## Usage

The `cmykToRgb` function is useful for converting CMYK color values, commonly used in printing, to RGB values, which are commonly used in digital displays.
