docs/docs/api/conversions/hexAlphaToRgba.mdx, before:

---
id: hexAlphaToRgba
title: hexAlphaToRgba
---

# hexAlphaToRgba

The `hexAlphaToRgba` function converts a HEX color with alpha to RGBA. It supports both shorthand (#RGBA) and standard (#RRGGBBAA) HEX formats.

## Syntax

```typescript
hexAlphaToRgba(hex: string, asString?: true): string;
hexAlphaToRgba(hex: string, asString?: false): { r: number; g: number; b: number; a: number; };
hexAlphaToRgba(hex: string, asString: boolean = true): string | { r: number; g: number; b: number; a: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`hex`** (string): The HEX color string with alpha (e.g., #RRGGBBAA or #RGBA).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string. Default is `true`.

### Returns

- **string**: The RGBA color as a string if `asString` is `true`.
- **Object**: An object containing RGBA values if `asString` is `false`.
  - **`r`** (number): The red component (0-255).
  - **`g`** (number): The green component (0-255).
  - **`b`** (number): The blue component (0-255).
  - **`a`** (number): The alpha component (0-1).

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if the input color format is invalid.

## Example

```typescript
import { hexAlphaToRgba } from 'colore-js';

// Example with hex color and alpha as string
const rgbaString = hexAlphaToRgba('#FF5733CC');
console.log(rgbaString);
// Output: "rgba(255, 87, 51, 0.8)"

// Example with hex color and alpha as object
const rgbaObject = hexAlphaToRgba('#FF5733CC', false);
console.log(rgbaObject);
// Output: { r: 255, g: 87, b: 51, a: 0.8 }
```

## Usage

The `hexAlphaToRgba` function is useful for converting HEX colors with alpha transparency to RGBA format, making it easier to work with colors in various web development scenarios.

Commit message:

docs: Update hexAlphaToRgba documentation
The documentation for hexAlphaToRgba function in Colore JS is enhanced, which now includes a detailed description, relevant keywords, and structured data components. This provides more context, improves searchability, and enhances SEO practices.

docs/docs/api/conversions/hexAlphaToRgba.mdx, after:

---
id: hexAlphaToRgba
title: hexAlphaToRgba
description: "Learn how to use the hexAlphaToRgba function in Colore JS to convert HEX Alpha color values to RGBA. This guide covers the syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for color conversion in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - hexAlphaToRgba
  - hex alpha to rgba
  - hex to rgba color convertor
  - convert hex to rgba
  - color conversion
  - javascript color conversion
  - css color conversion
  - color manipulation
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# hexAlphaToRgba

The `hexAlphaToRgba` function converts a HEX color with alpha to RGBA. It supports both shorthand (#RGBA) and standard (#RRGGBBAA) HEX formats.

## Syntax

```typescript
hexAlphaToRgba(hex: string, asString?: true): string;
hexAlphaToRgba(hex: string, asString?: false): { r: number; g: number; b: number; a: number; };
hexAlphaToRgba(hex: string, asString: boolean = true): string | { r: number; g: number; b: number; a: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`hex`** (string): The HEX color string with alpha (e.g., #RRGGBBAA or #RGBA).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string. Default is `true`.

### Returns

- **string**: The RGBA color as a string if `asString` is `true`.
- **Object**: An object containing RGBA values if `asString` is `false`.
  - **`r`** (number): The red component (0-255).
  - **`g`** (number): The green component (0-255).
  - **`b`** (number): The blue component (0-255).
  - **`a`** (number): The alpha component (0-1).

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if the input color format is invalid.

## Example

```typescript
import { hexAlphaToRgba } from 'colore-js';

// Example with hex color and alpha as string
const rgbaString = hexAlphaToRgba('#FF5733CC');
console.log(rgbaString);
// Output: "rgba(255, 87, 51, 0.8)"

// Example with hex color and alpha as object
const rgbaObject = hexAlphaToRgba('#FF5733CC', false);
console.log(rgbaObject);
// Output: { r: 255, g: 87, b: 51, a: 0.8 }
```

## Usage

The `hexAlphaToRgba` function is useful for converting HEX colors with alpha transparency to RGBA format, making it easier to work with colors in various web development scenarios.
