docs/docs/api/conversions/hexAlphaToHsva.mdx, before:

---
id: hexAlphaToHsva
title: hexAlphaToHsva
---

# hexAlphaToHsva

The `hexAlphaToHsva` function is used to convert a HEX color with alpha to HSVA. This function supports HEX color strings with alpha in both shorthand (#RGBA) and standard (#RRGGBBAA) formats.

## Syntax

```typescript
hexAlphaToHsva(hex: string, asString?: true): string;
hexAlphaToHsva(hex: string, asString?: false): { h: number; s: number; v: number; a: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`hex`** (string): The HEX color string with alpha (e.g., #RRGGBBAA or #RGBA).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string. Defaults to `true`.

### Returns

- **string**: The HSVA color as a string (if `asString` is `true`).
- **object**: An object containing HSVA values (if `asString` is `false`).
  - **`h`** (number): The hue component.
  - **`s`** (number): The saturation component.
  - **`v`** (number): The value component.
  - **`a`** (number): The alpha component.

## Example

```typescript
import { hexAlphaToHsva } from 'colore-js';

const hsvaString = hexAlphaToHsva('#ff5733cc');
console.log(hsvaString);
// Output: "hsva(11, 0.8, 1, 0.8)"

const hsvaObject = hexAlphaToHsva('#ff5733cc', false);
console.log(hsvaObject);
// Output: { h: 11, s: 0.8, v: 1, a: 0.8 }
```

## Usage

The `hexAlphaToHsva` function is useful for converting colors in HEX format with alpha to the HSVA format, which is often used in color manipulation and processing tasks.

Commit message:

docs: Update hexAlphaToHsva documentation details
Enhanced the documentation of hexAlphaToHsva function in Colore JS. Added a description and keywords for SEO. Also, import StructuredData component was included. These updates aim to provide more context and improve the searchability of the documentation page.

docs/docs/api/conversions/hexAlphaToHsva.mdx, after:

---
id: hexAlphaToHsva
title: hexAlphaToHsva
description: "Learn how to use the hexAlphaToHsva function in Colore JS to convert HEX Alpha color values to HSVA. This guide covers the syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for color conversion in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - hexAlphaToHsva
  - hex alpha to hsva
  - hex to hsva color convertor
  - convert hex to hsva
  - color conversion
  - javascript color conversion
  - css color conversion
  - color manipulation
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# hexAlphaToHsva

The `hexAlphaToHsva` function is used to convert a HEX color with alpha to HSVA. This function supports HEX color strings with alpha in both shorthand (#RGBA) and standard (#RRGGBBAA) formats.

## Syntax

```typescript
hexAlphaToHsva(hex: string, asString?: true): string;
hexAlphaToHsva(hex: string, asString?: false): { h: number; s: number; v: number; a: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`hex`** (string): The HEX color string with alpha (e.g., #RRGGBBAA or #RGBA).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string. Defaults to `true`.

### Returns

- **string**: The HSVA color as a string (if `asString` is `true`).
- **object**: An object containing HSVA values (if `asString` is `false`).
  - **`h`** (number): The hue component.
  - **`s`** (number): The saturation component.
  - **`v`** (number): The value component.
  - **`a`** (number): The alpha component.

## Example

```typescript
import { hexAlphaToHsva } from 'colore-js';

const hsvaString = hexAlphaToHsva('#ff5733cc');
console.log(hsvaString);
// Output: "hsva(11, 0.8, 1, 0.8)"

const hsvaObject = hexAlphaToHsva('#ff5733cc', false);
console.log(hsvaObject);
// Output: { h: 11, s: 0.8, v: 1, a: 0.8 }
```

## Usage

The `hexAlphaToHsva` function is useful for converting colors in HEX format with alpha to the HSVA format, which is often used in color manipulation and processing tasks.
