docs/docs/api/conversions/hexAlphaToHsla.mdx, before:

---
id: hexAlphaToHsla
title: hexAlphaToHsla
---

# hexAlphaToHsla

The `hexAlphaToHsla` function is used to convert a HEX color with alpha to HSLA. This function supports both shorthand (`#RGBA`) and standard (`#RRGGBBAA`) HEX formats.

## Syntax

```typescript
hexAlphaToHsla(hex: string, asString?: true): string;
hexAlphaToHsla(hex: string, asString?: false): { h: number; s: number; l: number; a: number };
hexAlphaToHsla(hex: string, asString: boolean = true): string | { h: number; s: number; l: number; a: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`hex`** (string): The HEX color string with alpha (e.g., `#RRGGBBAA` or `#RGBA`).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string. Defaults to `true`.

### Returns

- **string | object**: The HSLA color components.
  - If `asString` is `true`: The HSLA color as a string.
  - If `asString` is `false`: An object containing the HSLA color components.
    - **`h`** (number): The hue component.
    - **`s`** (number): The saturation component.
    - **`l`** (number): The lightness component.
    - **`a`** (number): The alpha component.

## Example

```typescript
import { hexAlphaToHsla } from 'colore-js';

// Example with HEX color and alpha
const hslaColor = hexAlphaToHsla('#ff5733cc');
console.log(hslaColor);
// Output: "hsla(14, 100%, 60%, 0.8)"

// Example with HEX color and alpha, returning as object
const hslaObject = hexAlphaToHsla('#ff5733cc', false);
console.log(hslaObject);
// Output: { h: 14, s: 100, l: 60, a: 0.8 }
```

## Usage

The `hexAlphaToHsla` function is commonly used in web development to convert HEX colors with alpha transparency to HSLA format, which can be useful for CSS styling and other applications that require color manipulation.

Commit message:

docs: Update hexAlphaToHsla API doc metadata
The metadata of the hexAlphaToHsla API documentation in Colore JS has been enhanced. The update includes additional descriptions, keywords, and structured data component for better SEO optimization. The aim is to provide a richer and more informative documentation page.

docs/docs/api/conversions/hexAlphaToHsla.mdx, after:

---
id: hexAlphaToHsla
title: hexAlphaToHsla
description: "Learn how to use the hexAlphaToHsla function in Colore JS to convert HEX Alpha color values to HSLA. This guide covers the syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for color conversion in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - hexAlphaToHsla
  - hex alpha to hsla
  - hex to hsla color convertor
  - convert hex to hsla
  - color conversion
  - javascript color conversion
  - css color conversion
  - color manipulation
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# hexAlphaToHsla

The `hexAlphaToHsla` function is used to convert a HEX color with alpha to HSLA. This function supports both shorthand (`#RGBA`) and standard (`#RRGGBBAA`) HEX formats.

## Syntax

```typescript
hexAlphaToHsla(hex: string, asString?: true): string;
hexAlphaToHsla(hex: string, asString?: false): { h: number; s: number; l: number; a: number };
hexAlphaToHsla(hex: string, asString: boolean = true): string | { h: number; s: number; l: number; a: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`hex`** (string): The HEX color string with alpha (e.g., `#RRGGBBAA` or `#RGBA`).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string. Defaults to `true`.

### Returns

- **string | object**: The HSLA color components.
  - If `asString` is `true`: The HSLA color as a string.
  - If `asString` is `false`: An object containing the HSLA color components.
    - **`h`** (number): The hue component.
    - **`s`** (number): The saturation component.
    - **`l`** (number): The lightness component.
    - **`a`** (number): The alpha component.

## Example

```typescript
import { hexAlphaToHsla } from 'colore-js';

// Example with HEX color and alpha
const hslaColor = hexAlphaToHsla('#ff5733cc');
console.log(hslaColor);
// Output: "hsla(14, 100%, 60%, 0.8)"

// Example with HEX color and alpha, returning as object
const hslaObject = hexAlphaToHsla('#ff5733cc', false);
console.log(hslaObject);
// Output: { h: 14, s: 100, l: 60, a: 0.8 }
```

## Usage

The `hexAlphaToHsla` function is commonly used in web development to convert HEX colors with alpha transparency to HSLA format, which can be useful for CSS styling and other applications that require color manipulation.
