docs/docs/api/conversions/hexToRgb.mdx, before:

---
id: hexToRgb
title: hexToRgb
---

# hexToRgb

The `hexToRgb` function converts a HEX color string to an RGB color string or an object.

## Syntax

```typescript
hexToRgb(hex: string, asString?: true): string;
hexToRgb(hex: string, asString?: false): { r: number; g: number; b: number };
hexToRgb(hex: string, asString: boolean = true): string | { r: number; g: number; b: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`hex`** (string): The HEX color string.
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The RGB color string in the format "rgb(r, g, b)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The RGB color as an object with properties `r`, `g`, and `b` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if the provided string is not a valid HEX color.

## Example

```typescript
import { hexToRgb } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const rgbString = hexToRgb('#ff5733');
console.log(rgbString); // Output: "rgb(255, 87, 51)"

// Example usage as object
const rgbObject = hexToRgb('#ff5733', false);
console.log(rgbObject); // Output: { r: 255, g: 87, b: 51 }
```

## Usage

The `hexToRgb` function is useful for converting HEX color values to RGB, which can be beneficial for various color manipulations and adjustments in applications.

Commit message:

docs: Update content in hexToRgb.mdx
This commit adds a description, keywords, and an import statement to the hexToRgb.mdx file. It is aimed to provide more metadata and context about the hexToRgb function in the Colore JS documentation. This will significantly improve the file's SEO performance and provide additional context for users accessing the documentation.

docs/docs/api/conversions/hexToRgb.mdx, after:

---
id: hexToRgb
title: hexToRgb
description: "Learn how to use the hexToRgb function in Colore JS to convert HEX color values to RGB. This guide covers the syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for color conversion in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - hexToRgb
  - hex to rgb
  - hex to rgb color convertor
  - convert hex to rgb
  - color conversion
  - javascript color conversion
  - css color conversion
  - color manipulation
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# hexToRgb

The `hexToRgb` function converts a HEX color string to an RGB color string or an object.

## Syntax

```typescript
hexToRgb(hex: string, asString?: true): string;
hexToRgb(hex: string, asString?: false): { r: number; g: number; b: number };
hexToRgb(hex: string, asString: boolean = true): string | { r: number; g: number; b: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`hex`** (string): The HEX color string.
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The RGB color string in the format "rgb(r, g, b)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The RGB color as an object with properties `r`, `g`, and `b` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if the provided string is not a valid HEX color.

## Example

```typescript
import { hexToRgb } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const rgbString = hexToRgb('#ff5733');
console.log(rgbString); // Output: "rgb(255, 87, 51)"

// Example usage as object
const rgbObject = hexToRgb('#ff5733', false);
console.log(rgbObject); // Output: { r: 255, g: 87, b: 51 }
```

## Usage

The `hexToRgb` function is useful for converting HEX color values to RGB, which can be beneficial for various color manipulations and adjustments in applications.
