docs/docs/api/conversions/hexToHsv.mdx, before:

---
id: hexToHsv
title: hexToHsv
---

# hexToHsv

The `hexToHsv` function converts a HEX color string to an HSV color string or an object.

## Syntax

```typescript
hexToHsv(hex: string, asString?: true): string;
hexToHsv(hex: string, asString?: false): { h: number; s: number; v: number };
hexToHsv(hex: string, asString: boolean = true): string | { h: number; s: number; v: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`hex`** (string): The HEX color string.
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The HSV color string in the format "hsv(h, s%, v%)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The HSV color as an object with properties `h`, `s`, and `v` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if the provided string is not a valid HEX color.

## Example

```typescript
import { hexToHsv } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const hsvString = hexToHsv('#ff5733');
console.log(hsvString); // Output: "hsv(14, 80%, 100%)"

// Example usage as object
const hsvObject = hexToHsv('#ff5733', false);
console.log(hsvObject); // Output: { h: 14, s: 80, v: 100 }
```

## Usage

The `hexToHsv` function is useful for converting HEX color values to HSV, which can be beneficial for various color manipulations and adjustments in applications.

Commit message:

feat: Enhance hexToHsv documentation
The hexToHsv documentation in Colore JS has been significantly expanded. This update introduces more detail, including a explicit description, relevant keywords for SEO, and a new structured data component. This more comprehensive guide now provides more information about syntax, parameters, examples, and usage cases.

docs/docs/api/conversions/hexToHsv.mdx, after:

---
id: hexToHsv
title: hexToHsv
description: "Learn how to use the hexToHsv function in Colore JS to convert HEX color values to HSV. This guide covers the syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for color conversion in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - hexToHsv
  - hex to hsv
  - hex to hsv color convertor
  - convert hex to hsv
  - color conversion
  - javascript color conversion
  - css color conversion
  - color manipulation
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# hexToHsv

The `hexToHsv` function converts a HEX color string to an HSV color string or an object.

## Syntax

```typescript
hexToHsv(hex: string, asString?: true): string;
hexToHsv(hex: string, asString?: false): { h: number; s: number; v: number };
hexToHsv(hex: string, asString: boolean = true): string | { h: number; s: number; v: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`hex`** (string): The HEX color string.
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The HSV color string in the format "hsv(h, s%, v%)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The HSV color as an object with properties `h`, `s`, and `v` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if the provided string is not a valid HEX color.

## Example

```typescript
import { hexToHsv } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const hsvString = hexToHsv('#ff5733');
console.log(hsvString); // Output: "hsv(14, 80%, 100%)"

// Example usage as object
const hsvObject = hexToHsv('#ff5733', false);
console.log(hsvObject); // Output: { h: 14, s: 80, v: 100 }
```

## Usage

The `hexToHsv` function is useful for converting HEX color values to HSV, which can be beneficial for various color manipulations and adjustments in applications.
