docs/docs/api/conversions/hexToHsl.mdx, before:

---
id: hexToHsl
title: hexToHsl
---

# hexToHsl

The `hexToHsl` function converts a HEX color string to an HSL color string or object.

## Syntax

```typescript
hexToHsl(hex: string, asString?: true): string;
hexToHsl(hex: string, asString?: false): { h: number; s: number; l: number };
hexToHsl(hex: string, asString: boolean = true): string | { h: number; s: number; l: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`hex`** (string): The HEX color string.
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string. Defaults to `true`.

### Returns

- **string | Object**: The HSL color string in the format "hsl(h, s%, l%)" or an object containing HSL values.
  - If `asString` is `true`, returns a string: `hsl(h, s%, l%)`.
  - If `asString` is `false`, returns an object: `{ h: number; s: number; l: number }`.

## Example

```typescript
import { hexToHsl } from 'colore-js';

// Example with string output
const hslString = hexToHsl('#ff5733');
console.log(hslString); // Output: "hsl(14, 100%, 57%)"

// Example with object output
const hslObject = hexToHsl('#ff5733', false);
console.log(hslObject); // Output: { h: 14, s: 100, l: 57 }
```

## Usage

The `hexToHsl` function is used to convert HEX color values to HSL color values, which can be useful for color manipulation and conversions in web development.

Commit message:

feat: Add description and keywords to hexToHsl doc page
Expanded the hexToHsl documentation page in the Colore JS API by adding a detailed description of the function's usage, and a list of relevant keywords. This is aimed at improving clarity and SEO optimization.

docs/docs/api/conversions/hexToHsl.mdx, after:

---
id: hexToHsl
title: hexToHsl
description: "Learn how to use the hexToHsl function in Colore JS to convert HEX color values to HSL. This guide covers the syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for color conversion in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - hexToHsl
  - hex to hsl
  - hex to hsl color convertor
  - convert hex to hsl
  - color conversion
  - javascript color conversion
  - css color conversion
  - color manipulation
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# hexToHsl

The `hexToHsl` function converts a HEX color string to an HSL color string or object.

## Syntax

```typescript
hexToHsl(hex: string, asString?: true): string;
hexToHsl(hex: string, asString?: false): { h: number; s: number; l: number };
hexToHsl(hex: string, asString: boolean = true): string | { h: number; s: number; l: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`hex`** (string): The HEX color string.
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string. Defaults to `true`.

### Returns

- **string | Object**: The HSL color string in the format "hsl(h, s%, l%)" or an object containing HSL values.
  - If `asString` is `true`, returns a string: `hsl(h, s%, l%)`.
  - If `asString` is `false`, returns an object: `{ h: number; s: number; l: number }`.

## Example

```typescript
import { hexToHsl } from 'colore-js';

// Example with string output
const hslString = hexToHsl('#ff5733');
console.log(hslString); // Output: "hsl(14, 100%, 57%)"

// Example with object output
const hslObject = hexToHsl('#ff5733', false);
console.log(hslObject); // Output: { h: 14, s: 100, l: 57 }
```

## Usage

The `hexToHsl` function is used to convert HEX color values to HSL color values, which can be useful for color manipulation and conversions in web development.
