docs/docs/api/conversions/hslaToRgba.mdx, before:

---
id: hslaToRgba
title: hslaToRgba
---

# hslaToRgba

The `hslaToRgba` function converts HSLA color values to an RGBA color string or an object.

## Syntax

```typescript
hslaToRgba(h: number, s: number, l: number, a: number, asString?: true): string;
hslaToRgba(h: number, s: number, l: number, a: number, asString?: false): { r: number; g: number; b: number; a: number };
hslaToRgba(h: number, s: number, l: number, a: number, asString: boolean = true): string | { r: number; g: number; b: number; a: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`h`** (number): The hue value (0-360).
- **`s`** (number): The saturation value (0-100).
- **`l`** (number): The lightness value (0-100).
- **`a`** (number): The alpha value (0-1).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The RGBA color string in the format "rgba(r, g, b, a)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The RGBA color as an object with properties `r`, `g`, `b`, and `a` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if any of the color values are out of range.

## Example

```typescript
import { hslaToRgba } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const rgbaString = hslaToRgba(360, 100, 50, 1);
console.log(rgbaString); // Output: "rgba(255, 0, 0, 1)"

// Example usage as object
const rgbaObject = hslaToRgba(360, 100, 50, 1, false);
console.log(rgbaObject); // Output: { r: 255, g: 0, b: 0, a: 1 }
```

## Usage

The `hslaToRgba` function is useful for converting HSLA color values to RGBA, which can be beneficial for various color manipulations and adjustments in applications.

Commit message:

docs: Update hslaToRgba.mdx documentation
The hslaToRgba.mdx documentation has been expanded to include a detailed description and relevant keywords. This will improve the document's SEO. Additionally, a StructuredData component has been added.

docs/docs/api/conversions/hslaToRgba.mdx, after:

---
id: hslaToRgba
title: hslaToRgba
description: "Learn how to use the hslaToRgba function in Colore JS to convert HSLA color values to RGBA. This guide covers the syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for color conversion in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - hslaToRgba
  - hsla to rgba
  - hsla to rgba color convertor
  - convert hsla to rgba
  - color conversion
  - javascript color conversion
  - css color conversion
  - color manipulation
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# hslaToRgba

The `hslaToRgba` function converts HSLA color values to an RGBA color string or an object.

## Syntax

```typescript
hslaToRgba(h: number, s: number, l: number, a: number, asString?: true): string;
hslaToRgba(h: number, s: number, l: number, a: number, asString?: false): { r: number; g: number; b: number; a: number };
hslaToRgba(h: number, s: number, l: number, a: number, asString: boolean = true): string | { r: number; g: number; b: number; a: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`h`** (number): The hue value (0-360).
- **`s`** (number): The saturation value (0-100).
- **`l`** (number): The lightness value (0-100).
- **`a`** (number): The alpha value (0-1).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The RGBA color string in the format "rgba(r, g, b, a)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The RGBA color as an object with properties `r`, `g`, `b`, and `a` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if any of the color values are out of range.

## Example

```typescript
import { hslaToRgba } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const rgbaString = hslaToRgba(360, 100, 50, 1);
console.log(rgbaString); // Output: "rgba(255, 0, 0, 1)"

// Example usage as object
const rgbaObject = hslaToRgba(360, 100, 50, 1, false);
console.log(rgbaObject); // Output: { r: 255, g: 0, b: 0, a: 1 }
```

## Usage

The `hslaToRgba` function is useful for converting HSLA color values to RGBA, which can be beneficial for various color manipulations and adjustments in applications.
