docs/docs/api/conversions/hslToRgb.mdx, before:


---
id: hslToRgb
title: hslToRgb
---

# hslToRgb

The `hslToRgb` function converts HSL color values to an RGB color string or an object.

## Syntax

```typescript
hslToRgb(h: number, s: number, l: number, asString?: true): string;
hslToRgb(h: number, s: number, l: number, asString?: false): { r: number; g: number; b: number };
hslToRgb(h: number, s: number, l: number, asString: boolean = true): string | { r: number; g: number; b: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`h`** (number): The hue value (0-360).
- **`s`** (number): The saturation value (0-100).
- **`l`** (number): The lightness value (0-100).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The RGB color string in the format "rgb(r, g, b)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The RGB color as an object with properties `r`, `g`, and `b` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if any of the color values are out of range.

## Example

```typescript
import { hslToRgb } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const rgbString = hslToRgb(360, 100, 50);
console.log(rgbString); // Output: "rgb(255, 0, 0)"

// Example usage as object
const rgbObject = hslToRgb(360, 100, 50, false);
console.log(rgbObject); // Output: { r: 255, g: 0, b: 0 }
```

## Usage

The `hslToRgb` function is useful for converting HSL color values to RGB, which can be beneficial for various color manipulations and adjustments in applications.

Commit message:

docs(hslToRgb): Add detailed description and keywords
This commit adds a comprehensive description, keywords and import of StructuredData component for the hslToRgb function documentation. This enhances the page's SEO performance and provides users with a better understanding of the function's usage and application.

docs/docs/api/conversions/hslToRgb.mdx, after:


---
id: hslToRgb
title: hslToRgb
description: "Learn how to use the hslToRgb function in Colore JS to convert HSL color values to RGB. This guide provides syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for effective color conversion in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - hslToRgb
  - hsl to rgb
  - hsl to rgb color convertor
  - convert hsl to rgb
  - color conversion
  - javascript color conversion
  - css color conversion
  - color manipulation
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# hslToRgb

The `hslToRgb` function converts HSL color values to an RGB color string or an object.

## Syntax

```typescript
hslToRgb(h: number, s: number, l: number, asString?: true): string;
hslToRgb(h: number, s: number, l: number, asString?: false): { r: number; g: number; b: number };
hslToRgb(h: number, s: number, l: number, asString: boolean = true): string | { r: number; g: number; b: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`h`** (number): The hue value (0-360).
- **`s`** (number): The saturation value (0-100).
- **`l`** (number): The lightness value (0-100).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The RGB color string in the format "rgb(r, g, b)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The RGB color as an object with properties `r`, `g`, and `b` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if any of the color values are out of range.

## Example

```typescript
import { hslToRgb } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const rgbString = hslToRgb(360, 100, 50);
console.log(rgbString); // Output: "rgb(255, 0, 0)"

// Example usage as object
const rgbObject = hslToRgb(360, 100, 50, false);
console.log(rgbObject); // Output: { r: 255, g: 0, b: 0 }
```

## Usage

The `hslToRgb` function is useful for converting HSL color values to RGB, which can be beneficial for various color manipulations and adjustments in applications.
