docs/docs/api/conversions/hsvaToRgba.mdx, before:

---
id: hsvaToRgba
title: hsvaToRgba
---

# hsvaToRgba

The `hsvaToRgba` function converts HSVA color values to an RGBA color string or an object.

## Syntax

```typescript
hsvaToRgba(h: number, s: number, v: number, a: number, asString?: true): string;
hsvaToRgba(h: number, s: number, v: number, a: number, asString?: false): { r: number; g: number; b: number; a: number };
hsvaToRgba(h: number, s: number, v: number, a: number, asString: boolean = true): string | { r: number; g: number; b: number; a: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`h`** (number): The hue value (0-360).
- **`s`** (number): The saturation value (0-100).
- **`v`** (number): The value (brightness) value (0-100).
- **`a`** (number): The alpha value (0-1).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The RGBA color string in the format "rgba(r, g, b, a)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The RGBA color as an object with properties `r`, `g`, `b`, and `a` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if any of the color values are out of range.

## Example

```typescript
import { hsvaToRgba } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const rgbaString = hsvaToRgba(360, 100, 100, 1);
console.log(rgbaString); // Output: "rgba(255, 0, 0, 1)"

// Example usage as object
const rgbaObject = hsvaToRgba(360, 100, 100, 1, false);
console.log(rgbaObject); // Output: { r: 255, g: 0, b: 0, a: 1 }
```

## Usage

The `hsvaToRgba` function is useful for converting HSVA color values to RGBA, which can be beneficial for various color manipulations and adjustments in applications.

Commit message:

docs: Update metadata and import component in hsvaToRgba documentation
The documentation file for the hsvaToRgba function has been updated. A detailed description and keyword metadata were added to improve search engine optimization. Moreover, a new component, StructuredData, was imported into the file.

docs/docs/api/conversions/hsvaToRgba.mdx, after:

---
id: hsvaToRgba
title: hsvaToRgba
description: "Discover how to use the hsvaToRgba function in Colore JS to convert HSVA color values to RGBA. This guide covers the syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for effective color conversion in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - hsvaToRgba
  - hsva to rgba
  - hsva to rgba color convertor
  - convert hsva to rgba
  - color conversion
  - javascript color conversion
  - css color conversion
  - color manipulation
---


import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# hsvaToRgba

The `hsvaToRgba` function converts HSVA color values to an RGBA color string or an object.

## Syntax

```typescript
hsvaToRgba(h: number, s: number, v: number, a: number, asString?: true): string;
hsvaToRgba(h: number, s: number, v: number, a: number, asString?: false): { r: number; g: number; b: number; a: number };
hsvaToRgba(h: number, s: number, v: number, a: number, asString: boolean = true): string | { r: number; g: number; b: number; a: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`h`** (number): The hue value (0-360).
- **`s`** (number): The saturation value (0-100).
- **`v`** (number): The value (brightness) value (0-100).
- **`a`** (number): The alpha value (0-1).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The RGBA color string in the format "rgba(r, g, b, a)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The RGBA color as an object with properties `r`, `g`, `b`, and `a` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if any of the color values are out of range.

## Example

```typescript
import { hsvaToRgba } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const rgbaString = hsvaToRgba(360, 100, 100, 1);
console.log(rgbaString); // Output: "rgba(255, 0, 0, 1)"

// Example usage as object
const rgbaObject = hsvaToRgba(360, 100, 100, 1, false);
console.log(rgbaObject); // Output: { r: 255, g: 0, b: 0, a: 1 }
```

## Usage

The `hsvaToRgba` function is useful for converting HSVA color values to RGBA, which can be beneficial for various color manipulations and adjustments in applications.
