docs/docs/api/conversions/hsvToRgb.mdx, before:

---
id: hsvToRgb
title: hsvToRgb
---

# hsvToRgb

The `hsvToRgb` function converts HSV color values to RGB values.

## Syntax

```typescript
hsvToRgb(h: number, s: number, v: number, asString?: true): string;
hsvToRgb(h: number, s: number, v: number, asString?: false): { r: number, g: number; b: number };
hsvToRgb(h: number, s: number, v: number, asString: boolean = true): string | { r: number, g: number; b: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`h`** (number): The hue value (0-360).
- **`s`** (number): The saturation value (0-100).
- **`v`** (number): The value (brightness) value (0-100).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The RGB color string in the format "rgb(r, g, b)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The RGB color as an object with properties `r`, `g`, and `b` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if any of the color values are out of range.

## Example

```typescript
import { hsvToRgb } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const rgbString = hsvToRgb(360, 100, 100);
console.log(rgbString); // Output: "rgb(255, 0, 0)"

// Example usage as object
const rgbObject = hsvToRgb(360, 100, 100, false);
console.log(rgbObject); // Output: { r: 255, g: 0, b: 0 }
```

## Usage

The `hsvToRgb` function is useful for converting HSV color values to RGB, which can be beneficial for various color manipulations and adjustments in applications.

Commit message:

feat(docs): Update hsvToRgb documentation
The documentation for the hsvToRgb function has been significantly expanded upon. Description, keywords and the import of 'StructuredData' have been added to provide a better user understanding and SEO optimization.

docs/docs/api/conversions/hsvToRgb.mdx, after:

---
id: hsvToRgb
title: hsvToRgb
description: "Learn how to use the hsvToRgb function in Colore JS to convert HSV color values to RGB format. This guide covers the syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for accurate color conversion in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - hsvToRgb
  - hsv to rgb
  - hsv to rgb color convertor
  - convert hsv to rgb
  - color conversion
  - javascript color conversion
  - css color conversion
  - color manipulation
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# hsvToRgb

The `hsvToRgb` function converts HSV color values to RGB values.

## Syntax

```typescript
hsvToRgb(h: number, s: number, v: number, asString?: true): string;
hsvToRgb(h: number, s: number, v: number, asString?: false): { r: number, g: number; b: number };
hsvToRgb(h: number, s: number, v: number, asString: boolean = true): string | { r: number, g: number; b: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`h`** (number): The hue value (0-360).
- **`s`** (number): The saturation value (0-100).
- **`v`** (number): The value (brightness) value (0-100).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The RGB color string in the format "rgb(r, g, b)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The RGB color as an object with properties `r`, `g`, and `b` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if any of the color values are out of range.

## Example

```typescript
import { hsvToRgb } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const rgbString = hsvToRgb(360, 100, 100);
console.log(rgbString); // Output: "rgb(255, 0, 0)"

// Example usage as object
const rgbObject = hsvToRgb(360, 100, 100, false);
console.log(rgbObject); // Output: { r: 255, g: 0, b: 0 }
```

## Usage

The `hsvToRgb` function is useful for converting HSV color values to RGB, which can be beneficial for various color manipulations and adjustments in applications.
