docs/docs/api/conversions/labToXyz.mdx, before:

---
id: labToXyz
title: labToXyz
---

# labToXyz

The `labToXyz` function converts LAB color values to XYZ color space.

## Syntax

```typescript
labToXyz(l: number, a: number, b: number, asString?: true): string;
labToXyz(l: number, a: number, b: number, asString?: false): { x: number; y: number; z: number };
labToXyz(l: number, a: number, b: number, asString: boolean = true): string | { x: number; y: number; z: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`l`** (number): The lightness component.
- **`a`** (number): The a component.
- **`b`** (number): The b component.
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The XYZ color string in the format "xyz(x, y, z)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The XYZ color as an object with properties `x`, `y`, and `z` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if any of the color values are out of range.

## Example

```typescript
import { labToXyz } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const xyzString = labToXyz(53.23288, 80.10933, 67.22006);
console.log(xyzString); // Output: "xyz(41.24, 21.26, 1.93)"

// Example usage as object
const xyzObject = labToXyz(53.23288, 80.10933, 67.22006, false);
console.log(xyzObject); // Output: { x: 41.24, y: 21.26, z: 1.93 }
```

## Usage

The `labToXyz` function is useful for converting LAB color values to XYZ color space, which is used in various color manipulation and conversion tasks in applications.

Commit message:

docs: Expand labToXyz API documentation
This commit enhances the documentation for the labToXyz function in Colore JS, providing a detailed description, key words list, and the import of a StructuredData component. This establishes a comprehensive guide for users seeking to convert LAB color values to XYZ format.

docs/docs/api/conversions/labToXyz.mdx, after:

---
id: labToXyz
title: labToXyz
description: "Learn how to use the labToXyz function in Colore JS to convert LAB color values to XYZ format. This guide covers the syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for accurate color conversion in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - labToXyz
  - lab to xyz
  - lab to xyz color convert
  - convert lab to xyz
  - color conversion
  - javascript color conversion
  - css color conversion
  - color manipulation
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# labToXyz

The `labToXyz` function converts LAB color values to XYZ color space.

## Syntax

```typescript
labToXyz(l: number, a: number, b: number, asString?: true): string;
labToXyz(l: number, a: number, b: number, asString?: false): { x: number; y: number; z: number };
labToXyz(l: number, a: number, b: number, asString: boolean = true): string | { x: number; y: number; z: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`l`** (number): The lightness component.
- **`a`** (number): The a component.
- **`b`** (number): The b component.
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The XYZ color string in the format "xyz(x, y, z)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The XYZ color as an object with properties `x`, `y`, and `z` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if any of the color values are out of range.

## Example

```typescript
import { labToXyz } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const xyzString = labToXyz(53.23288, 80.10933, 67.22006);
console.log(xyzString); // Output: "xyz(41.24, 21.26, 1.93)"

// Example usage as object
const xyzObject = labToXyz(53.23288, 80.10933, 67.22006, false);
console.log(xyzObject); // Output: { x: 41.24, y: 21.26, z: 1.93 }
```

## Usage

The `labToXyz` function is useful for converting LAB color values to XYZ color space, which is used in various color manipulation and conversion tasks in applications.
