docs/docs/api/conversions/labToRgb.mdx, before:

---
id: labToRgb
title: labToRgb
---

# labToRgb

The `labToRgb` function converts LAB color values to RGB color values.

## Syntax

```typescript
labToRgb(l: number, a: number, b: number, asString?: true): string;
labToRgb(l: number, a: number, b: number, asString?: false): {{ r: number; g: number; b: number }};
labToRgb(l: number, a: number, b: number, asString: boolean = true): string | {{ r: number; g: number; b: number }};
```

### Parameters

- **`l`** (number): The lightness value (0 to 100).
- **`a`** (number): The a* value (-128 to 127).
- **`b`** (number): The b* value (-128 to 127).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The RGB color string in the format "rgb(r, g, b)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The RGB color as an object with properties `r`, `g`, and `b` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if any of the color values are out of range.

## Example

```typescript
import { labToRgb } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const rgbString = labToRgb(50, 0, 0);
console.log(rgbString); // Output: "rgb(119, 119, 119)"

// Example usage as object
const rgbObject = labToRgb(50, 0, 0, false);
console.log(rgbObject); // Output: {{ r: 119, g: 119, b: 119 }}
```

## Usage

The `labToRgb` function is useful for converting LAB color values to RGB, which can be beneficial for various color manipulations and adjustments in applications.

Commit message:

docs: Update labToRgb documentation
Expanded the metadata of labToRgb.mdx under docs. It now includes a detailed description and relevant keywords for SEO. Additionally, added import for StructuredData to enhance document structure.

docs/docs/api/conversions/labToRgb.mdx, after:

---
id: labToRgb
title: labToRgb
description: "Learn how to use the labToRgb function in Colore JS to convert LAB color values to RGB format. This guide covers the syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for accurate color conversion in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - labToRgb
  - lab to rgb
  - lab to rgb color convertor
  - convert lab to rgb
  - color conversion
  - javascript color conversion
  - css color conversion
  - color manipulation
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# labToRgb

The `labToRgb` function converts LAB color values to RGB color values.

## Syntax

```typescript
labToRgb(l: number, a: number, b: number, asString?: true): string;
labToRgb(l: number, a: number, b: number, asString?: false): {{ r: number; g: number; b: number }};
labToRgb(l: number, a: number, b: number, asString: boolean = true): string | {{ r: number; g: number; b: number }};
```

### Parameters

- **`l`** (number): The lightness value (0 to 100).
- **`a`** (number): The a* value (-128 to 127).
- **`b`** (number): The b* value (-128 to 127).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The RGB color string in the format "rgb(r, g, b)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The RGB color as an object with properties `r`, `g`, and `b` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if any of the color values are out of range.

## Example

```typescript
import { labToRgb } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const rgbString = labToRgb(50, 0, 0);
console.log(rgbString); // Output: "rgb(119, 119, 119)"

// Example usage as object
const rgbObject = labToRgb(50, 0, 0, false);
console.log(rgbObject); // Output: {{ r: 119, g: 119, b: 119 }}
```

## Usage

The `labToRgb` function is useful for converting LAB color values to RGB, which can be beneficial for various color manipulations and adjustments in applications.
