docs/docs/api/conversions/labToLch.mdx, before:

---
id: labToLch
title: labToLch
---

# labToLch

The `labToLch` function converts LAB color values to LCH color values.

## Syntax

```typescript
labToLch(l: number, a: number, b: number, asString?: true): string;
labToLch(l: number, a: number, b: number, asString?: false): { l: number; c: number; h: number };
labToLch(l: number, a: number, b: number, asString: boolean = true): string | { l: number; c: number; h: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`l`** (number): The lightness value (0-100).
- **`a`** (number): The a* axis value (-128 to 127).
- **`b`** (number): The b* axis value (-128 to 127).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The LCH color string in the format "lch(l, c, h)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The LCH color as an object with properties `l`, `c`, and `h` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if any of the color values are out of range.

## Example

```typescript
import { labToLch } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const lchString = labToLch(75, 20, -30);
console.log(lchString); // Output: "lch(75, 36.0555, 326.3099)"

// Example usage as object
const lchObject = labToLch(75, 20, -30, false);
console.log(lchObject); // Output: { l: 75, c: 36.0555, h: 326.3099 }
```

## Usage

The `labToLch` function is useful for converting LAB color values to LCH, which can be beneficial for various color manipulations and adjustments in applications.

Commit message:

feat: Add detailed description and keywords to labToLch doc
New detailed description and keywords were added to the `labToLch` API documentation for better understanding and visibility in search engines. The description explains how to use the function for accurate color conversion and lists potential keywords for optimized SEO. The `StructuredData` component was also added.

docs/docs/api/conversions/labToLch.mdx, after:

---
id: labToLch
title: labToLch
description: "Learn how to use the labToLch function in Colore JS to convert LAB color values to LCH format. This guide covers the syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for accurate color conversion in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - labToLch
  - lab to lch
  - lab to lch color convertor
  - convert lab to lch
  - color conversion
  - javascript color conversion
  - css color conversion
  - color manipulation
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# labToLch

The `labToLch` function converts LAB color values to LCH color values.

## Syntax

```typescript
labToLch(l: number, a: number, b: number, asString?: true): string;
labToLch(l: number, a: number, b: number, asString?: false): { l: number; c: number; h: number };
labToLch(l: number, a: number, b: number, asString: boolean = true): string | { l: number; c: number; h: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`l`** (number): The lightness value (0-100).
- **`a`** (number): The a* axis value (-128 to 127).
- **`b`** (number): The b* axis value (-128 to 127).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The LCH color string in the format "lch(l, c, h)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The LCH color as an object with properties `l`, `c`, and `h` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if any of the color values are out of range.

## Example

```typescript
import { labToLch } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const lchString = labToLch(75, 20, -30);
console.log(lchString); // Output: "lch(75, 36.0555, 326.3099)"

// Example usage as object
const lchObject = labToLch(75, 20, -30, false);
console.log(lchObject); // Output: { l: 75, c: 36.0555, h: 326.3099 }
```

## Usage

The `labToLch` function is useful for converting LAB color values to LCH, which can be beneficial for various color manipulations and adjustments in applications.
