docs/docs/api/conversions/lchToLab.mdx, before:

---
id: lchToLab
title: lchToLab
---

# lchToLab

The `lchToLab` function converts LCH color values to LAB color values.

## Syntax

```typescript
lchToLab(l: number, c: number, h: number, asString?: true): string;
lchToLab(l: number, c: number, h: number, asString?: false): { l: number; a: number; b: number };
lchToLab(l: number, c: number, h: number, asString: boolean = true): string | { l: number; a: number; b: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`l`** (number): The lightness value (0 to 100).
- **`c`** (number): The chroma value.
- **`h`** (number): The hue value (0 to 360).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The LCH color string in the format "lch(l, c, h)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The LCH color as an object with properties `l`, `a`, and `b` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if any of the color values are out of range.

## Example

```typescript
import { lchToLab } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const labString = lchToLab(70, 25, 180);
console.log(labString); // Output: "lab(70% -25 0)"

// Example usage as object
const labObject = lchToLab(70, 25, 180, false);
console.log(labObject); // Output: { l: 70, a: -25, b: 0 }
```

## Usage

The `lchToLab` function is useful for converting LCH color values to LAB, which can be beneficial for various color manipulations and adjustments in applications.

Commit message:

docs: Update lchToLab.mdx documentation
Add a detailed description, keywords, and structured data component to the lchToLab documentation page. This update aims to enhance search engine optimization and provide a comprehensive guide for the usage of the lchToLab function in Colore JS.

docs/docs/api/conversions/lchToLab.mdx, after:

---
id: lchToLab
title: lchToLab
description: "Learn how to use the lchToLab function in Colore JS to convert LCH color values to LAB format. This guide covers the syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for accurate color conversion in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - lchToLab
  - lch to lab
  - lch to lab color convertor
  - convert lch to lab
  - color conversion
  - javascript color conversion
  - css color conversion
  - color manipulation
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# lchToLab

The `lchToLab` function converts LCH color values to LAB color values.

## Syntax

```typescript
lchToLab(l: number, c: number, h: number, asString?: true): string;
lchToLab(l: number, c: number, h: number, asString?: false): { l: number; a: number; b: number };
lchToLab(l: number, c: number, h: number, asString: boolean = true): string | { l: number; a: number; b: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`l`** (number): The lightness value (0 to 100).
- **`c`** (number): The chroma value.
- **`h`** (number): The hue value (0 to 360).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The LCH color string in the format "lch(l, c, h)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The LCH color as an object with properties `l`, `a`, and `b` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if any of the color values are out of range.

## Example

```typescript
import { lchToLab } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const labString = lchToLab(70, 25, 180);
console.log(labString); // Output: "lab(70% -25 0)"

// Example usage as object
const labObject = lchToLab(70, 25, 180, false);
console.log(labObject); // Output: { l: 70, a: -25, b: 0 }
```

## Usage

The `lchToLab` function is useful for converting LCH color values to LAB, which can be beneficial for various color manipulations and adjustments in applications.
