docs/docs/api/conversions/lchToRgb.mdx, before:

---
id: lchToRgb
title: lchToRgb
---

# lchToRgb

The `lchToRgb` function converts LCH color values to RGB color values.

## Syntax

```typescript
lchToRgb(l: number, c: number, h: number, asString?: true): string;
lchToRgb(l: number, c: number, h: number, asString?: false): { r: number; g: number; b: number };
lchToRgb(l: number, c: number, h: number, asString: boolean = true): string | { r: number; g: number; b: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`l`** (number): The lightness value (0 to 100).
- **`c`** (number): The chroma value.
- **`h`** (number): The hue value (0 to 360).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The RGB color string in the format "rgb(r, g, b)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The RGB color as an object with properties `r`, `g`, and `b` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if any of the color values are out of range.

## Example

```typescript
import { lchToRgb } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const rgbString = lchToRgb(70, 25, 120);
console.log(rgbString); // Output: "rgb(161, 209, 143)"

// Example usage as object
const rgbObject = lchToRgb(70, 25, 120, false);
console.log(rgbObject); // Output: { r: 161, g: 209, b: 143 }
```

## Usage

The `lchToRgb` function is useful for converting LCH color values to RGB, which can be beneficial for various color manipulations and adjustments in applications.

Commit message:

feat: Update lchToRgb.mdx documentation with detailed info
Add a comprehensive description, relevant keywords, and import StructuredData in `lchToRgb.mdx`. The update is aimed to provide a richer context and improve SEO for the lchToRgb function usage guide. The StructuredData component is also imported for better data consistency.

docs/docs/api/conversions/lchToRgb.mdx, after:

---
id: lchToRgb
title: lchToRgb
description: "Learn how to use the lchToRgb function in Colore JS to convert LCH color values to RGB format. This guide covers the syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for accurate color conversion in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - lchToRgb
  - lch to rgb
  - lch to rgb color convertor
  - convert lch to rgb
  - color conversion
  - javascript color conversion
  - css color conversion
  - color manipulation
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# lchToRgb

The `lchToRgb` function converts LCH color values to RGB color values.

## Syntax

```typescript
lchToRgb(l: number, c: number, h: number, asString?: true): string;
lchToRgb(l: number, c: number, h: number, asString?: false): { r: number; g: number; b: number };
lchToRgb(l: number, c: number, h: number, asString: boolean = true): string | { r: number; g: number; b: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`l`** (number): The lightness value (0 to 100).
- **`c`** (number): The chroma value.
- **`h`** (number): The hue value (0 to 360).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The RGB color string in the format "rgb(r, g, b)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The RGB color as an object with properties `r`, `g`, and `b` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if any of the color values are out of range.

## Example

```typescript
import { lchToRgb } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const rgbString = lchToRgb(70, 25, 120);
console.log(rgbString); // Output: "rgb(161, 209, 143)"

// Example usage as object
const rgbObject = lchToRgb(70, 25, 120, false);
console.log(rgbObject); // Output: { r: 161, g: 209, b: 143 }
```

## Usage

The `lchToRgb` function is useful for converting LCH color values to RGB, which can be beneficial for various color manipulations and adjustments in applications.
