docs/docs/api/conversions/rgbaToHsva.mdx, before:

---
id: rgbaToHsva
title: rgbaToHsva
---

# rgbaToHsva

The `rgbaToHsva` function converts RGBA color values to HSVA format.

## Syntax

```typescript
rgbaToHsva(r: number, g: number, b: number, a: number, asString?: true): string;
rgbaToHsva(r: number, g: number, b: number, a: number, asString?: false): { h: number; s: number; v: number; a: number };
rgbaToHsva(r: number, g: number, b: number, a: number, asString: boolean = true): string | { h: number; s: number; v: number; a: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`r`** (number): The red value (0-255).
- **`g`** (number): The green value (0-255).
- **`b`** (number): The blue value (0-255).
- **`a`** (number): The alpha value (0-1).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The HSVA color string in the format "hsva(h, s%, v%, a)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The HSVA color as an object with properties `h`, `s`, `v`, and `a` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if the input color values are out of range.

## Example

```typescript
import { rgbaToHsva } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const hsvaString = rgbaToHsva(255, 87, 51, 0.8);
console.log(hsvaString); // Output: "hsva(14, 80%, 100%, 0.8)"

// Example usage as object
const hsvaObject = rgbaToHsva(255, 87, 51, 0.8, false);
console.log(hsvaObject); // Output: { h: 14, s: 80, v: 100, a: 0.8 }
```

## Usage

The `rgbaToHsva` function is useful for converting RGBA color values to HSVA format, which can be beneficial for various color manipulations and adjustments in applications.

Commit message:

docs: Update rgbaToHsva documentation
Expanded the meta information for the rgbaToHsva function in Colore JS API documentation. Added a detailed description, relevant keywords, and important structured data component for improved SEO and clarity regarding color conversion functionality.

docs/docs/api/conversions/rgbaToHsva.mdx, after:

---
id: rgbaToHsva
title: rgbaToHsva
description: "Learn how to use the rgbaToHsva function in Colore JS to convert RGBA color values to HSVA format. This guide covers the syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for accurate color conversion in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - rgbaToHsva
  - rgba to hsva
  - rgba to hsva color convertor
  - convert rgba to hsva
  - color conversion
  - javascript color conversion
  - css color conversion
  - color manipulation
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# rgbaToHsva

The `rgbaToHsva` function converts RGBA color values to HSVA format.

## Syntax

```typescript
rgbaToHsva(r: number, g: number, b: number, a: number, asString?: true): string;
rgbaToHsva(r: number, g: number, b: number, a: number, asString?: false): { h: number; s: number; v: number; a: number };
rgbaToHsva(r: number, g: number, b: number, a: number, asString: boolean = true): string | { h: number; s: number; v: number; a: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`r`** (number): The red value (0-255).
- **`g`** (number): The green value (0-255).
- **`b`** (number): The blue value (0-255).
- **`a`** (number): The alpha value (0-1).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The HSVA color string in the format "hsva(h, s%, v%, a)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The HSVA color as an object with properties `h`, `s`, `v`, and `a` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if the input color values are out of range.

## Example

```typescript
import { rgbaToHsva } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const hsvaString = rgbaToHsva(255, 87, 51, 0.8);
console.log(hsvaString); // Output: "hsva(14, 80%, 100%, 0.8)"

// Example usage as object
const hsvaObject = rgbaToHsva(255, 87, 51, 0.8, false);
console.log(hsvaObject); // Output: { h: 14, s: 80, v: 100, a: 0.8 }
```

## Usage

The `rgbaToHsva` function is useful for converting RGBA color values to HSVA format, which can be beneficial for various color manipulations and adjustments in applications.
