docs/docs/api/conversions/rgbaToHsla.mdx, before:

---
id: rgbaToHsla
title: rgbaToHsla
---

# rgbaToHsla

The `rgbaToHsla` function converts RGBA color values to HSLA format.

## Syntax

```typescript
rgbaToHsla(r: number, g: number, b: number, a: number, asString?: true): string;
rgbaToHsla(r: number, g: number, b: number, a: number, asString?: false): { h: number; s: number; l: number; a: number; };
rgbaToHsla(r: number, g: number, b: number, a: number, asString: boolean = true): string | { h: number; s: number; l: number; a: number; };
```

### Parameters

- **`r`** (number): The red value (0-255).
- **`g`** (number): The green value (0-255).
- **`b`** (number): The blue value (0-255).
- **`a`** (number): The alpha value (0-1).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The HSLA color string in the format "hsla(h, s%, l%, a)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The HSLA color as an object with properties `h`, `s`, `l`, and `a` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if the input color values are out of range.

## Example

```typescript
import { rgbaToHsla } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const hslaString = rgbaToHsla(255, 87, 51, 0.8);
console.log(hslaString); // Output: "hsla(14, 100%, 60%, 0.8)"

// Example usage as object
const hslaObject = rgbaToHsla(255, 87, 51, 0.8, false);
console.log(hslaObject); // Output: { h: 14, s: 100, l: 60, a: 0.8 }
```

## Usage

The `rgbaToHsla` function is useful for converting RGBA color values to HSLA, which can be beneficial for various color manipulations and adjustments in applications.

Commit message:

docs: Update rgbaToHsla documentation
This commit enriches the rgbaToHsla documentation by adding a detailed description and associated keywords. It adds context about using the function for RGBA to HSLA color conversion. A StructuredData component is also imported for better data organization and presentation.

docs/docs/api/conversions/rgbaToHsla.mdx, after:

---
id: rgbaToHsla
title: rgbaToHsla
description: "Learn how to use the rgbaToHsla function in Colore JS to convert RGBA color values to HSLA format. This guide covers the syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for accurate color conversion in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - rgbaToHsla
  - rgba to hsla
  - rgba to hsla color convertor
  - convert rgba to hsla
  - color conversion
  - javascript color conversion
  - css color conversion
  - color manipulation
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# rgbaToHsla

The `rgbaToHsla` function converts RGBA color values to HSLA format.

## Syntax

```typescript
rgbaToHsla(r: number, g: number, b: number, a: number, asString?: true): string;
rgbaToHsla(r: number, g: number, b: number, a: number, asString?: false): { h: number; s: number; l: number; a: number; };
rgbaToHsla(r: number, g: number, b: number, a: number, asString: boolean = true): string | { h: number; s: number; l: number; a: number; };
```

### Parameters

- **`r`** (number): The red value (0-255).
- **`g`** (number): The green value (0-255).
- **`b`** (number): The blue value (0-255).
- **`a`** (number): The alpha value (0-1).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The HSLA color string in the format "hsla(h, s%, l%, a)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The HSLA color as an object with properties `h`, `s`, `l`, and `a` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if the input color values are out of range.

## Example

```typescript
import { rgbaToHsla } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const hslaString = rgbaToHsla(255, 87, 51, 0.8);
console.log(hslaString); // Output: "hsla(14, 100%, 60%, 0.8)"

// Example usage as object
const hslaObject = rgbaToHsla(255, 87, 51, 0.8, false);
console.log(hslaObject); // Output: { h: 14, s: 100, l: 60, a: 0.8 }
```

## Usage

The `rgbaToHsla` function is useful for converting RGBA color values to HSLA, which can be beneficial for various color manipulations and adjustments in applications.
