docs/docs/api/conversions/rgbToCmyk.mdx, before:

---
id: rgbToCmyk
title: rgbToCmyk
---

# rgbToCmyk

The `rgbToCmyk` function converts RGB color values to CMYK values.

## Syntax

```typescript
rgbToCmyk(r: number, g: number, b: number, asString?: true): string;
rgbToCmyk(r: number, g: number, b: number, asString?: false): { c: number, m: number, y: number, k: number };
rgbToCmyk(r: number, g: number, b: number, asString: boolean = true): string | { c: number, m: number, y: number, k: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`r`** (number): The red value (0-255).
- **`g`** (number): The green value (0-255).
- **`b`** (number): The blue value (0-255).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The CMYK color string in the format "cmyk(c, m, y, k)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The CMYK color as an object with properties `c`, `m`, `y`, and `k` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if any of the color values are out of range.

## Example

```typescript
import { rgbToCmyk } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const cmykString = rgbToCmyk(255, 0, 0);
console.log(cmykString); // Output: "cmyk(0, 100, 100, 0)"

// Example usage as object
const cmykObject = rgbToCmyk(255, 0, 0, false);
console.log(cmykObject); // Output: { c: 0, m: 100, y: 100, k: 0 }
```

## Usage

The `rgbToCmyk` function is useful for converting RGB color values to CMYK, which is commonly used in color printing and design.

Commit message:

docs: Update rgbToCmyk doc metadata and import
Added detailed description and keywords to the metadata of the rgbToCmyk.md in the Colore JS library. Additionally, imported the StructuredData component for SEO optimization.

docs/docs/api/conversions/rgbToCmyk.mdx, after:

---
id: rgbToCmyk
title: rgbToCmyk
description: "Learn how to use the rgbToCmyk function in Colore JS to convert RGB color values to CMYK format. This guide covers the syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for accurate color conversion in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - rgbToCmyk
  - rgb to cmyk
  - rgb to cmyk color convertor
  - convert rgb to cmyk
  - color conversion
  - javascript color conversion
  - css color conversion
  - color manipulation
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# rgbToCmyk

The `rgbToCmyk` function converts RGB color values to CMYK values.

## Syntax

```typescript
rgbToCmyk(r: number, g: number, b: number, asString?: true): string;
rgbToCmyk(r: number, g: number, b: number, asString?: false): { c: number, m: number, y: number, k: number };
rgbToCmyk(r: number, g: number, b: number, asString: boolean = true): string | { c: number, m: number, y: number, k: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`r`** (number): The red value (0-255).
- **`g`** (number): The green value (0-255).
- **`b`** (number): The blue value (0-255).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The CMYK color string in the format "cmyk(c, m, y, k)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The CMYK color as an object with properties `c`, `m`, `y`, and `k` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if any of the color values are out of range.

## Example

```typescript
import { rgbToCmyk } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const cmykString = rgbToCmyk(255, 0, 0);
console.log(cmykString); // Output: "cmyk(0, 100, 100, 0)"

// Example usage as object
const cmykObject = rgbToCmyk(255, 0, 0, false);
console.log(cmykObject); // Output: { c: 0, m: 100, y: 100, k: 0 }
```

## Usage

The `rgbToCmyk` function is useful for converting RGB color values to CMYK, which is commonly used in color printing and design.
