docs/docs/api/conversions/rgbToHsl.mdx, before:

---
id: rgbToHsl
title: rgbToHsl
---

# rgbToHsl

The `rgbToHsl` function converts RGB color values to an HSL color string or an object.

## Syntax

```typescript
rgbToHsl(r: number, g: number, b: number, asString?: true): string;
rgbToHsl(r: number, g: number, b: number, asString?: false): { h: number, s: number, l: number };
rgbToHsl(r: number, g: number, b: number, asString: boolean = true): string | { h: number, s: number, l: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`r`** (number): The red color value (0-255).
- **`g`** (number): The green color value (0-255).
- **`b`** (number): The blue color value (0-255).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The HSL color string in the format "hsl(h, s%, l%)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The HSL color as an object with properties `h`, `s`, and `l` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if any of the color values are out of range.

## Example

```typescript
import { rgbToHsl } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const hslString = rgbToHsl(255, 87, 51);
console.log(hslString); // Output: "hsl(14, 100%, 60%)"

// Example usage as object
const hslObject = rgbToHsl(255, 87, 51, false);
console.log(hslObject); // Output: { h: 14, s: 100, l: 60 }
```

## Usage

The `rgbToHsl` function is useful for converting RGB color values to HSL, which can be beneficial for various color manipulations and adjustments in applications.

Commit message:

docs: Update rgbToHsl documentation
Added a description and relevant keywords to the rgbToHsl document. Also imported a StructuredData component for SEO and content organization purposes. Enhancements aim to provide more context for understanding the function's use and improving the page's searchability.

docs/docs/api/conversions/rgbToHsl.mdx, after:

---
id: rgbToHsl
title: rgbToHsl
description: "Discover how to use the rgbToHsl function in Colore JS to convert RGB color values to HSL format. This guide covers the function's syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for converting RGB colors to HSL in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - rgbToHsl
  - rgb to hsl
  - rgb to hsl color convertor
  - convert rgb to hsl
  - color conversion
  - javascript color conversion
  - css color conversion
  - color manipulation
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# rgbToHsl

The `rgbToHsl` function converts RGB color values to an HSL color string or an object.

## Syntax

```typescript
rgbToHsl(r: number, g: number, b: number, asString?: true): string;
rgbToHsl(r: number, g: number, b: number, asString?: false): { h: number, s: number, l: number };
rgbToHsl(r: number, g: number, b: number, asString: boolean = true): string | { h: number, s: number, l: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`r`** (number): The red color value (0-255).
- **`g`** (number): The green color value (0-255).
- **`b`** (number): The blue color value (0-255).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The HSL color string in the format "hsl(h, s%, l%)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The HSL color as an object with properties `h`, `s`, and `l` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if any of the color values are out of range.

## Example

```typescript
import { rgbToHsl } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const hslString = rgbToHsl(255, 87, 51);
console.log(hslString); // Output: "hsl(14, 100%, 60%)"

// Example usage as object
const hslObject = rgbToHsl(255, 87, 51, false);
console.log(hslObject); // Output: { h: 14, s: 100, l: 60 }
```

## Usage

The `rgbToHsl` function is useful for converting RGB color values to HSL, which can be beneficial for various color manipulations and adjustments in applications.
