docs/docs/api/conversions/rgbToLch.mdx, before:

---
id: rgbToLch
title: rgbToLch
---

# rgbToLch

The `rgbToLch` function converts RGB color values to LCH color values.

## Syntax

```typescript
rgbToLch(r: number, g: number, b: number, asString?: true): string;
rgbToLch(r: number, g: number, b: number, asString?: false): { l: number; c: number; h: number };
rgbToLch(r: number, g: number, b: number, asString: boolean = true): string | { l: number; c: number; h: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`r`** (number): The red value (0-255).
- **`g`** (number): The green value (0-255).
- **`b`** (number): The blue value (0-255).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The LCH color string in the format "lch(l, c, h)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The LCH color as an object with properties `l`, `c`, and `h` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if any of the color values are out of range.

## Example

```typescript
import { rgbToLch } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const lchString = rgbToLch(255, 87, 51);
console.log(lchString); // Output: "lch(54.29173376861782 106.83719893932447 40.85274465103784)"

// Example usage as object
const lchObject = rgbToLch(255, 87, 51, false);
console.log(lchObject); // Output: { l: 54.29173376861782, c: 106.83719893932447, h: 40.85274465103784 }
```

## Usage

The `rgbToLch` function is useful for converting RGB color values to LCH, which can be beneficial for various color manipulations and adjustments in applications.

Commit message:

docs: Update rgbToLch documentation
Added a detailed description, keywords, and imported a structured data component for rgbToLch function documentation. These changes enhance the explanation, improve SEO, and provide more context for users trying to understand the rgbToLch color conversion in Colore JS.

docs/docs/api/conversions/rgbToLch.mdx, after:

---
id: rgbToLch
title: rgbToLch
description: "Learn how to use the rgbToLch function in Colore JS to convert RGB color values to LCH format. This guide includes the syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for converting RGB colors to LCH in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - rgbToLch
  - rgb to lch
  - rgb to lch color convertor
  - convert rgb to lch
  - color conversion
  - javascript color conversion
  - css color conversion
  - color manipulation
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# rgbToLch

The `rgbToLch` function converts RGB color values to LCH color values.

## Syntax

```typescript
rgbToLch(r: number, g: number, b: number, asString?: true): string;
rgbToLch(r: number, g: number, b: number, asString?: false): { l: number; c: number; h: number };
rgbToLch(r: number, g: number, b: number, asString: boolean = true): string | { l: number; c: number; h: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`r`** (number): The red value (0-255).
- **`g`** (number): The green value (0-255).
- **`b`** (number): The blue value (0-255).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The LCH color string in the format "lch(l, c, h)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The LCH color as an object with properties `l`, `c`, and `h` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if any of the color values are out of range.

## Example

```typescript
import { rgbToLch } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const lchString = rgbToLch(255, 87, 51);
console.log(lchString); // Output: "lch(54.29173376861782 106.83719893932447 40.85274465103784)"

// Example usage as object
const lchObject = rgbToLch(255, 87, 51, false);
console.log(lchObject); // Output: { l: 54.29173376861782, c: 106.83719893932447, h: 40.85274465103784 }
```

## Usage

The `rgbToLch` function is useful for converting RGB color values to LCH, which can be beneficial for various color manipulations and adjustments in applications.
