docs/docs/api/conversions/rgbToXyz.mdx, before:

---
id: rgbToXyz
title: rgbToXyz
---

# rgbToXyz

The `rgbToXyz` function converts RGB color values to XYZ color space.

## Syntax

```typescript
rgbToXyz(r: number, g: number, b: number, asString?: true): string;
rgbToXyz(r: number, g: number, b: number, asString?: false): {{ x: number, y: number, z: number }};
rgbToXyz(r: number, g: number, b: number, asString: boolean = true): string | {{ x: number, y: number, z: number }};
```

### Parameters

- **`r`** (number): The red component, range 0-255.
- **`g`** (number): The green component, range 0-255.
- **`b`** (number): The blue component, range 0-255.
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The XYZ color string in the format "xyz(x, y, z)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The XYZ color as an object with properties `x`, `y`, and `z` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if any of the color values are out of range.

## Example

```typescript
import { rgbToXyz } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const xyzString = rgbToXyz(255, 0, 0);
console.log(xyzString); // Output: "xyz(41.24564, 21.26729, 1.93339)"

// Example usage as object
const xyzObject = rgbToXyz(255, 0, 0, false);
console.log(xyzObject); // Output: { x: 41.24564, y: 21.26729, z: 1.93339 }
```

## Usage

The `rgbToXyz` function is useful for converting RGB color values to the XYZ color space, which can be beneficial for various color manipulations and transformations in applications.

Commit message:

docs: Add detailed description to rgbToXyz page
This commit expands the documentation for the rgbToXyz function in Colore JS. The updated doc page includes additional information such as description, keywords, and the import of a new StructuredData component. These changes enhance the explanation of this function, providing a more comprehensive guide for users.

docs/docs/api/conversions/rgbToXyz.mdx, after:

---
id: rgbToXyz
title: rgbToXyz
description: "Learn how to use the rgbToXyz function in Colore JS to convert RGB color values to XYZ format. This guide covers the syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for converting RGB colors to XYZ in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - rgbToXyz
  - rgb to xyz
  - rgb to xyz color convertor
  - convert rgb to xyz
  - color conversion
  - javascript color conversion
  - css color conversion
  - color manipulation
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# rgbToXyz

The `rgbToXyz` function converts RGB color values to XYZ color space.

## Syntax

```typescript
rgbToXyz(r: number, g: number, b: number, asString?: true): string;
rgbToXyz(r: number, g: number, b: number, asString?: false): {{ x: number, y: number, z: number }};
rgbToXyz(r: number, g: number, b: number, asString: boolean = true): string | {{ x: number, y: number, z: number }};
```

### Parameters

- **`r`** (number): The red component, range 0-255.
- **`g`** (number): The green component, range 0-255.
- **`b`** (number): The blue component, range 0-255.
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The XYZ color string in the format "xyz(x, y, z)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The XYZ color as an object with properties `x`, `y`, and `z` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if any of the color values are out of range.

## Example

```typescript
import { rgbToXyz } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const xyzString = rgbToXyz(255, 0, 0);
console.log(xyzString); // Output: "xyz(41.24564, 21.26729, 1.93339)"

// Example usage as object
const xyzObject = rgbToXyz(255, 0, 0, false);
console.log(xyzObject); // Output: { x: 41.24564, y: 21.26729, z: 1.93339 }
```

## Usage

The `rgbToXyz` function is useful for converting RGB color values to the XYZ color space, which can be beneficial for various color manipulations and transformations in applications.
