docs/docs/api/conversions/rgbToHsv.mdx, before:

---
id: rgbToHsv
title: rgbToHsv
---

# rgbToHsv

The `rgbToHsv` function converts RGB color values to HSV values.

## Syntax

```typescript
rgbToHsv(r: number, g: number, b: number, asString?: true): string;
rgbToHsv(r: number, g: number, b: number, asString?: false): {{ h: number; s: number; v: number }};
rgbToHsv(r: number, g: number, b: number, asString: boolean = true): string | {{ h: number; s: number; v: number }};
```

### Parameters

- **`r`** (number): The red value (0-255).
- **`g`** (number): The green value (0-255).
- **`b`** (number): The blue value (0-255).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The HSV color string in the format "hsv(h, s%, v%)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The HSV color as an object with properties `h`, `s`, and `v` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if any of the color values are out of range.

## Example

```typescript
import { rgbToHsv } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const hsvString = rgbToHsv(255, 87, 51);
console.log(hsvString); // Output: "hsv(14, 80%, 100%)"

// Example usage as object
const hsvObject = rgbToHsv(255, 87, 51, false);
console.log(hsvObject); // Output: {{ h: 14, s: 80, v: 100 }}
```

## Usage

The `rgbToHsv` function is useful for converting RGB color values to HSV, which can be beneficial for various color manipulations and adjustments in applications.

Commit message:

docs: Expand rgbToHsv function documentation
This commit provides a more detailed description and relevant keywords for the rgbToHsv function in the Colore JS documentation. It also includes the import of StructuredData for enhancing the page's SEO and visibility.

docs/docs/api/conversions/rgbToHsv.mdx, after:

---
id: rgbToHsv
title: rgbToHsv
description: "Learn how to use the rgbToHsv function in Colore JS to convert RGB color values to HSV format. This guide covers the syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for converting RGB colors to HSV in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - rgbToHsv
  - rgb to hsv
  - rgb to hsv color convertor
  - convert rgb to hsv
  - color conversion
  - javascript color conversion
  - css color conversion
  - color manipulation
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# rgbToHsv

The `rgbToHsv` function converts RGB color values to HSV values.

## Syntax

```typescript
rgbToHsv(r: number, g: number, b: number, asString?: true): string;
rgbToHsv(r: number, g: number, b: number, asString?: false): {{ h: number; s: number; v: number }};
rgbToHsv(r: number, g: number, b: number, asString: boolean = true): string | {{ h: number; s: number; v: number }};
```

### Parameters

- **`r`** (number): The red value (0-255).
- **`g`** (number): The green value (0-255).
- **`b`** (number): The blue value (0-255).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The HSV color string in the format "hsv(h, s%, v%)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The HSV color as an object with properties `h`, `s`, and `v` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if any of the color values are out of range.

## Example

```typescript
import { rgbToHsv } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const hsvString = rgbToHsv(255, 87, 51);
console.log(hsvString); // Output: "hsv(14, 80%, 100%)"

// Example usage as object
const hsvObject = rgbToHsv(255, 87, 51, false);
console.log(hsvObject); // Output: {{ h: 14, s: 80, v: 100 }}
```

## Usage

The `rgbToHsv` function is useful for converting RGB color values to HSV, which can be beneficial for various color manipulations and adjustments in applications.
