docs/docs/api/conversions/rgbToLab.mdx, before:

---
id: rgbToLab
title: rgbToLab
---

# rgbToLab

The `rgbToLab` function converts RGB color values to LAB color values.

## Syntax

```typescript
rgbToLab(r: number, g: number, b: number, asString?: true): string;
rgbToLab(r: number, g: number, b: number, asString?: false): { l: number; a: number; b: number };
rgbToLab(r: number, g: number, b: number, asString: boolean = true): string | { l: number; a: number; b: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`r`** (number): The red value (0-255).
- **`g`** (number): The green value (0-255).
- **`b`** (number): The blue value (0-255).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The LAB color string in the format "lab(l, a, b)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The LAB color as an object with properties `l`, `a`, and `b` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if any of the color values are out of range.

## Example

```typescript
import { rgbToLab } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const labString = rgbToLab(255, 0, 0);
console.log(labString); // Output: "lab(53.23288 80.10933 67.22006)"

// Example usage as object
const labObject = rgbToLab(255, 0, 0, false);
console.log(labObject); // Output: { l: 53.23288, a: 80.10933, b: 67.22006 }
```

## Usage

The `rgbToLab` function is useful for converting RGB color values to the LAB color space, which can be beneficial for various color manipulations and adjustments in applications.

Commit message:

docs: Add description and keywords to rgbToLab API doc
Extended the API documentation of the rgbToLab conversion function in Colore JS. This includes a detailed description of the function's use, addition of related keywords for SEO, and the incorporation of a 'StructuredData' component for better data organization.

docs/docs/api/conversions/rgbToLab.mdx, after:

---
id: rgbToLab
title: rgbToLab
description: "Discover how to use the rgbToLab function in Colore JS to convert RGB color values to LAB format. This guide provides the syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for converting RGB colors to LAB in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - rgbToLab
  - rgb to lab
  - rgb to lab color convertor
  - convert rgb to lab
  - color conversion
  - javascript color conversion
  - css color conversion
  - color manipulation
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# rgbToLab

The `rgbToLab` function converts RGB color values to LAB color values.

## Syntax

```typescript
rgbToLab(r: number, g: number, b: number, asString?: true): string;
rgbToLab(r: number, g: number, b: number, asString?: false): { l: number; a: number; b: number };
rgbToLab(r: number, g: number, b: number, asString: boolean = true): string | { l: number; a: number; b: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`r`** (number): The red value (0-255).
- **`g`** (number): The green value (0-255).
- **`b`** (number): The blue value (0-255).
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The LAB color string in the format "lab(l, a, b)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The LAB color as an object with properties `l`, `a`, and `b` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if any of the color values are out of range.

## Example

```typescript
import { rgbToLab } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const labString = rgbToLab(255, 0, 0);
console.log(labString); // Output: "lab(53.23288 80.10933 67.22006)"

// Example usage as object
const labObject = rgbToLab(255, 0, 0, false);
console.log(labObject); // Output: { l: 53.23288, a: 80.10933, b: 67.22006 }
```

## Usage

The `rgbToLab` function is useful for converting RGB color values to the LAB color space, which can be beneficial for various color manipulations and adjustments in applications.
