docs/docs/api/conversions/xyzToRgb.mdx, before:

---
id: xyzToRgb
title: xyzToRgb
---

# xyzToRgb

The `xyzToRgb` function converts XYZ color values to RGB color space.

## Syntax

```typescript
xyzToRgb(x: number, y: number, z: number, asString?: true): string;
xyzToRgb(x: number, y: number, z: number, asString?: false): { r: number; g: number; b: number };
xyzToRgb(x: number, y: number, z: number, asString: boolean = true): string | { r: number; g: number; b: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`x`** (number): The X component.
- **`y`** (number): The Y component.
- **`z`** (number): The Z component.
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The RGB color string in the format "rgb(r, g, b)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The RGB color in object format with properties `r`, `g`, and `b` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if any of the color values are out of range.

## Example

```typescript
import { xyzToRgb } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const rgbString = xyzToRgb(41.24, 21.26, 1.93);
console.log(rgbString); // Output: "rgb(255, 0, 0)"

// Example usage as object
const rgbObject = xyzToRgb(41.24, 21.26, 1.93, false);
console.log(rgbObject); // Output: { r: 255, g: 0, b: 0 }
```

## Usage

The `xyzToRgb` function is useful for converting color values from the XYZ color space to the RGB color space, which is commonly used in digital displays and imaging applications.

Commit message:

docs: Add description and keywords to xyzToRgb doc
An extended description and set of keywords have been added to the xyzToRgb.md document. This change aims to improve the document's discoverability, user understanding and SEO performance. The addition of a StructuredData component is also included.

docs/docs/api/conversions/xyzToRgb.mdx, after:

---
id: xyzToRgb
title: xyzToRgb
description: "Learn how to use the xyzToRgb function in Colore JS to convert XYZ color values to RGB format. This guide includes syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for converting XYZ colors to RGB in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - xyzToRgb
  - xyz to rgb
  - xyz to rgb color convertor
  - convert xyz to rgb
  - color conversion
  - javascript color conversion
  - css color conversion
  - color manipulation
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# xyzToRgb

The `xyzToRgb` function converts XYZ color values to RGB color space.

## Syntax

```typescript
xyzToRgb(x: number, y: number, z: number, asString?: true): string;
xyzToRgb(x: number, y: number, z: number, asString?: false): { r: number; g: number; b: number };
xyzToRgb(x: number, y: number, z: number, asString: boolean = true): string | { r: number; g: number; b: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`x`** (number): The X component.
- **`y`** (number): The Y component.
- **`z`** (number): The Z component.
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The RGB color string in the format "rgb(r, g, b)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The RGB color in object format with properties `r`, `g`, and `b` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if any of the color values are out of range.

## Example

```typescript
import { xyzToRgb } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const rgbString = xyzToRgb(41.24, 21.26, 1.93);
console.log(rgbString); // Output: "rgb(255, 0, 0)"

// Example usage as object
const rgbObject = xyzToRgb(41.24, 21.26, 1.93, false);
console.log(rgbObject); // Output: { r: 255, g: 0, b: 0 }
```

## Usage

The `xyzToRgb` function is useful for converting color values from the XYZ color space to the RGB color space, which is commonly used in digital displays and imaging applications.
