docs/docs/api/conversions/xyzToLab.mdx, before:

---
id: xyzToLab
title: xyzToLab
---

# xyzToLab

The `xyzToLab` function converts XYZ color values to LAB color space.

## Syntax

```typescript
xyzToLab(x: number, y: number, z: number, asString?: true): string;
xyzToLab(x: number, y: number, z: number, asString?: false): { l: number; a: number; b: number };
xyzToLab(x: number, y: number, z: number, asString: boolean = true): string | { l: number; a: number; b: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`x`** (number): The X component.
- **`y`** (number): The Y component.
- **`z`** (number): The Z component.
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The LAB color string in the format "lab(l, a, b)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The LAB color as an object with properties `l`, `a`, and `b` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if any of the color values are out of range.

## Example

```typescript
import { xyzToLab } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const labString = xyzToLab(41.24, 21.26, 1.93);
console.log(labString); // Output: "lab(53.23288% 80.109309 67.220068)"

// Example usage as object
const labObject = xyzToLab(41.24, 21.26, 1.93, false);
console.log(labObject); // Output: { l: 53.23288, a: 80.109309, b: 67.220068 }
```

## Usage

The `xyzToLab` function is useful for converting XYZ color values to the LAB color space, which can be beneficial for various color manipulations and adjustments in applications.

Commit message:

docs: Add detailed description and keywords to xyzToLab
This update includes a detailed description and relevant keywords to the xyzToLab doc page. This enhancement is meant to improve SEO and provide a more comprehensive understanding of the xyzToLab function in Colore JS. A structured data component was also imported to the page.

docs/docs/api/conversions/xyzToLab.mdx, after:

---
id: xyzToLab
title: xyzToLab
description: "Discover how to use the xyzToLab function in Colore JS to convert XYZ color values to LAB format. This guide includes syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for converting XYZ colors to LAB in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - xyzToLab
  - xyz to lab
  - xyz to lab color convertor
  - convert xyz to lab
  - color conversion
  - javascript color conversion
  - css color conversion
  - color manipulation
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# xyzToLab

The `xyzToLab` function converts XYZ color values to LAB color space.

## Syntax

```typescript
xyzToLab(x: number, y: number, z: number, asString?: true): string;
xyzToLab(x: number, y: number, z: number, asString?: false): { l: number; a: number; b: number };
xyzToLab(x: number, y: number, z: number, asString: boolean = true): string | { l: number; a: number; b: number };
```

### Parameters

- **`x`** (number): The X component.
- **`y`** (number): The Y component.
- **`z`** (number): The Z component.
- **`asString`** (boolean, optional): Whether to return the result as a string (default is true).

### Returns

- **string**: The LAB color string in the format "lab(l, a, b)" if `asString` is true.
- **object**: The LAB color as an object with properties `l`, `a`, and `b` if `asString` is false.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if any of the color values are out of range.

## Example

```typescript
import { xyzToLab } from 'colore-js';

// Example usage as string
const labString = xyzToLab(41.24, 21.26, 1.93);
console.log(labString); // Output: "lab(53.23288% 80.109309 67.220068)"

// Example usage as object
const labObject = xyzToLab(41.24, 21.26, 1.93, false);
console.log(labObject); // Output: { l: 53.23288, a: 80.109309, b: 67.220068 }
```

## Usage

The `xyzToLab` function is useful for converting XYZ color values to the LAB color space, which can be beneficial for various color manipulations and adjustments in applications.
