docs/docs/api/parser/decomposeColor.mdx, before:

---
id: decomposeColor
title: decomposeColor
---

# decomposeColor

The `decomposeColor` function decomposes a color string into its components. This function detects the format of the input color string, parses it using the appropriate parser, and returns the corresponding color components as an object.

## Syntax

```typescript
decomposeColor(color: string): any
```

### Parameters

- **`color`** (string): The input color string in any supported format (hex, rgb, hsl, etc.).

### Returns

- **object**: The decomposed color components as an object.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if the input color format is unsupported or invalid.

## Example

```typescript
import { decomposeColor } from 'colore-js';

const decomposedHex = decomposeColor('#ff0000');
console.log(decomposedHex);
// Output: { r: 255, g: 0, b: 0 }

const decomposedRgb = decomposeColor('rgb(255, 0, 0)');
console.log(decomposedRgb);
// Output: { r: 255, g: 0, b: 0 }
```

## Usage

The `decomposeColor` function is used to break down a color string into its individual components. This can be useful for color manipulation and analysis in various design and art applications.

Commit message:

feat: Update decomposeColor documentation
The decomposeColor page in the documentation has been enriched with a description, keywords, and a new import. This will provide users with in-depth information about the decomposeColor function's usage and enhance the SEO of the page.

docs/docs/api/parser/decomposeColor.mdx, after:

---
id: decomposeColor
title: decomposeColor
description: "Learn how to use the decomposeColor function in Colore JS to break down a color into its component parts. This guide covers the syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for color decomposition in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - decomposeColor
  - decompose color
  - css color composition
  - extract color
  - javascript color extractor
  - compose color
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# decomposeColor

The `decomposeColor` function decomposes a color string into its components. This function detects the format of the input color string, parses it using the appropriate parser, and returns the corresponding color components as an object.

## Syntax

```typescript
decomposeColor(color: string): any
```

### Parameters

- **`color`** (string): The input color string in any supported format (hex, rgb, hsl, etc.).

### Returns

- **object**: The decomposed color components as an object.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if the input color format is unsupported or invalid.

## Example

```typescript
import { decomposeColor } from 'colore-js';

const decomposedHex = decomposeColor('#ff0000');
console.log(decomposedHex);
// Output: { r: 255, g: 0, b: 0 }

const decomposedRgb = decomposeColor('rgb(255, 0, 0)');
console.log(decomposedRgb);
// Output: { r: 255, g: 0, b: 0 }
```

## Usage

The `decomposeColor` function is used to break down a color string into its individual components. This can be useful for color manipulation and analysis in various design and art applications.
