docs/docs/api/parser/parseHsl.mdx, before:

---
id: parseHsl
title: parseHsl
---

# parseHsl

The `parseHsl` function parses an HSL color string and returns an object containing the hue, saturation, and lightness values.

## Syntax

```typescript
parseHsl(color: string): { h: number; hUnit?: string; hDeg: number; s: number; sUnit?: string; l: number; lUnit?: string; }
```

### Parameters

- **`color`** (string): The HSL color string to parse.

### Returns

- **object**: An object containing the hue, saturation, and lightness values along with the hue unit.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if the input color format is invalid.

## Example

```typescript
import { parseHsl } from 'colore-js';

const hsl = parseHsl('hsl(120, 100%, 50%)');
console.log(hsl);
// Output: { h: 120, hUnit: undefined, hDeg: 120, s: 100, sUnit: '%', l: 50, lUnit: '%' }

const hslWithUnit = parseHsl('hsl(120deg, 100%, 50%)');
console.log(hslWithUnit);
// Output: { h: 120, hUnit: 'deg', hDeg: 120, s: 100, sUnit: '%', l: 50, lUnit: '%' }
```

## Usage

The `parseHsl` function is used to convert an HSL color string to its individual components. This can be useful for color manipulation and analysis in various design and art applications.

Commit message:

docs: add detailed description and keywords to parseHsl.mdx
This commit adds a clear and comprehensive description to the `parseHsl.mdx` file in the docs. The update also introduces relevant keywords for better search engine optimization and site visibility. Additionally, a 'StructuredData' component is imported for enhanced data organization.

docs/docs/api/parser/parseHsl.mdx, after:

---
id: parseHsl
title: parseHsl
description: "Learn how to use the parseHsl function in Colore JS to parse and convert HSL color values. This guide covers the syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for working with HSL colors in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - parseHsl
  - parse hsl color
  - hsl color parsing
  - hsl color conversion
  - color conversion
  - javascript color parsing
  - color manipulation
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# parseHsl

The `parseHsl` function parses an HSL color string and returns an object containing the hue, saturation, and lightness values.

## Syntax

```typescript
parseHsl(color: string): { h: number; hUnit?: string; hDeg: number; s: number; sUnit?: string; l: number; lUnit?: string; }
```

### Parameters

- **`color`** (string): The HSL color string to parse.

### Returns

- **object**: An object containing the hue, saturation, and lightness values along with the hue unit.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if the input color format is invalid.

## Example

```typescript
import { parseHsl } from 'colore-js';

const hsl = parseHsl('hsl(120, 100%, 50%)');
console.log(hsl);
// Output: { h: 120, hUnit: undefined, hDeg: 120, s: 100, sUnit: '%', l: 50, lUnit: '%' }

const hslWithUnit = parseHsl('hsl(120deg, 100%, 50%)');
console.log(hslWithUnit);
// Output: { h: 120, hUnit: 'deg', hDeg: 120, s: 100, sUnit: '%', l: 50, lUnit: '%' }
```

## Usage

The `parseHsl` function is used to convert an HSL color string to its individual components. This can be useful for color manipulation and analysis in various design and art applications.
