docs/docs/api/parser/parseRgb.mdx, before:

---
id: parseRgb
title: parseRgb
---

# parseRgb

The `parseRgb` function parses an RGB color string and returns an array of color components.

## Syntax

```typescript
parseRgb(color: string): { r: number; rUnit: string; rNum: number; g: number; gUnit: string; gNum: number; b: number; bUnit: string; bNum: number; }
```

### Parameters

- **`color`** (string): The RGB color string to parse.

### Returns

- **object**: An object containing RGB values and units.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if the color format is invalid.

## Example

```typescript
import { parseRgb } from 'colore-js';

const rgb = parseRgb('rgb(255, 0, 0)');
console.log(rgb);
// Output: { r: 255, rUnit: '', rNum: 255, g: 0, gUnit: '', gNum: 0, b: 0, bUnit: '', bNum: 0 }

const rgbPercent = parseRgb('rgb(100%, 0%, 0%)');
console.log(rgbPercent);
// Output: { r: 255, rUnit: '%', rNum: 255, g: 0, gUnit: '%', gNum: 0, b: 0, bUnit: '%', bNum: 0 }
```

## Usage

The `parseRgb` function is used to convert an RGB color string to its individual components. This can be useful for color manipulation and analysis in various design and art applications.

Commit message:

docs: Update parseRgb documentation
Extended the parseRgb documentation page with a detailed description, relevant keywords, and implemented the use of StructuredData component. This will help users to better understand how to use the parseRgb function in their projects.

docs/docs/api/parser/parseRgb.mdx, after:

---
id: parseRgb
title: parseRgb
description: "Learn how to use the parseRgb function in Colore JS to parse and convert RGB color values. This guide covers the syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for working with RGB colors in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - parseRgb
  - parse RGB
  - RGB color parsing
  - RGB color conversion
  - color conversion
  - javascript color parsing
  - color manipulation
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# parseRgb

The `parseRgb` function parses an RGB color string and returns an array of color components.

## Syntax

```typescript
parseRgb(color: string): { r: number; rUnit: string; rNum: number; g: number; gUnit: string; gNum: number; b: number; bUnit: string; bNum: number; }
```

### Parameters

- **`color`** (string): The RGB color string to parse.

### Returns

- **object**: An object containing RGB values and units.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if the color format is invalid.

## Example

```typescript
import { parseRgb } from 'colore-js';

const rgb = parseRgb('rgb(255, 0, 0)');
console.log(rgb);
// Output: { r: 255, rUnit: '', rNum: 255, g: 0, gUnit: '', gNum: 0, b: 0, bUnit: '', bNum: 0 }

const rgbPercent = parseRgb('rgb(100%, 0%, 0%)');
console.log(rgbPercent);
// Output: { r: 255, rUnit: '%', rNum: 255, g: 0, gUnit: '%', gNum: 0, b: 0, bUnit: '%', bNum: 0 }
```

## Usage

The `parseRgb` function is used to convert an RGB color string to its individual components. This can be useful for color manipulation and analysis in various design and art applications.
