docs/docs/api/parser/parseLch.mdx, before:

---
id: parseLch
title: parseLch
---

# parseLch

The `parseLch` function parses an LCH color string into its components.

## Syntax

```typescript
parseLch(color: string): { l: number; lUnit?: string; c: number; cUnit?: string; h: number; hUnit?: string; hDeg: number; alpha?: number; alphaUnit?: string; alphaNum?: number; }
```

### Parameters

- **`color`** (string): The LCH color string to parse.

### Returns

- **object**: An object containing the LCH values and units.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if the LCH color string is invalid.

## Example

```typescript
import { parseLch } from 'colore-js';

const lch = parseLch('lch(53.23288% 104.55262 40.000008)');
console.log(lch);
// Output: { l: 53.23288, lUnit: '%', c: 104.55262, cUnit: undefined, h: 40.000008, hUnit: undefined, hDeg: 40, alpha: undefined, alphaUnit: undefined, alphaNum: undefined }

const lchWithAlpha = parseLch('lch(53.23288% 104.55262 40.000008 / 0.5)');
console.log(lchWithAlpha);
// Output: { l: 53.23288, lUnit: '%', c: 104.55262, cUnit: undefined, h: 40.000008, hUnit: undefined, hDeg: 40, alpha: 0.5, alphaUnit: undefined, alphaNum: 0.5 }
```

## Usage

The `parseLch` function is used to convert an LCH color string to its individual components. This can be useful for color manipulation and analysis in various design and art applications.

Commit message:

docs: Update parseLch.mdx with description and keywords
Added a detailed description and defined keywords for SEO optimization in parseLch.mdx file. Also, incorporated a `StructuredData` component for systematic representation. This will help users understand the usage and benefits of the `parseLch` function in colore-js.

docs/docs/api/parser/parseLch.mdx, after:

---
id: parseLch
title: parseLch
description: "Learn how to use the parseLch function in Colore JS to parse and convert LCH color values. This guide covers the syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for working with LCH colors in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - parseLch
  - parse lch color
  - lch color parsing
  - lch color conversion
  - color conversion
  - javascript color parsing
  - color manipulation
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />


# parseLch

The `parseLch` function parses an LCH color string into its components.

## Syntax

```typescript
parseLch(color: string): { l: number; lUnit?: string; c: number; cUnit?: string; h: number; hUnit?: string; hDeg: number; alpha?: number; alphaUnit?: string; alphaNum?: number; }
```

### Parameters

- **`color`** (string): The LCH color string to parse.

### Returns

- **object**: An object containing the LCH values and units.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if the LCH color string is invalid.

## Example

```typescript
import { parseLch } from 'colore-js';

const lch = parseLch('lch(53.23288% 104.55262 40.000008)');
console.log(lch);
// Output: { l: 53.23288, lUnit: '%', c: 104.55262, cUnit: undefined, h: 40.000008, hUnit: undefined, hDeg: 40, alpha: undefined, alphaUnit: undefined, alphaNum: undefined }

const lchWithAlpha = parseLch('lch(53.23288% 104.55262 40.000008 / 0.5)');
console.log(lchWithAlpha);
// Output: { l: 53.23288, lUnit: '%', c: 104.55262, cUnit: undefined, h: 40.000008, hUnit: undefined, hDeg: 40, alpha: 0.5, alphaUnit: undefined, alphaNum: 0.5 }
```

## Usage

The `parseLch` function is used to convert an LCH color string to its individual components. This can be useful for color manipulation and analysis in various design and art applications.
