docs/docs/api/parser/parseRgba.mdx, before:

---
id: parseRgba
title: parseRgba
---

# parseRgba

The `parseRgba` function parses an RGBA color string into its individual components.

## Syntax

```typescript
parseRgba(color: string): { r: number; rUnit: string; rNum: number; g: number; gUnit: string; gNum: number; b: number; bUnit: string; bNum: number; a: number; aUnit: string; aNum: number; }
```

### Parameters

- **`color`** (string): The RGBA color string to parse.

### Returns

- **object**: An object containing RGBA values and units.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if the color string is not a valid RGBA format.

## Example

```typescript
import { parseRgba } from 'colore-js';

const rgba = parseRgba('rgba(255, 0, 0, 0.5)');
console.log(rgba);
// Output: { r: 255, rUnit: '', rNum: 255, g: 0, gUnit: '', gNum: 0, b: 0, bUnit: '', bNum: 0, a: 0.5, aUnit: '', aNum: 0.5 }

const rgbaPercent = parseRgba('rgba(100%, 0%, 0%, 50%)');
console.log(rgbaPercent);
// Output: { r: 255, rUnit: '%', rNum: 255, g: 0, gUnit: '%', gNum: 0, b: 0, bUnit: '%', bNum: 0, a: 50, aUnit: '%', aNum: 0.5 }
```

## Usage

The `parseRgba` function is used to convert an RGBA color string to its individual components. This can be useful for color manipulation and analysis in various design and art applications.

Commit message:

docs: Update parseRgba documentation
This update adds a description and keywords to the parseRgba function in the Colore JS documentation. The newly added details enhance the documentation for users, providing syntax, examples, and use-cases. They also improve SEO by including relevant keywords.

docs/docs/api/parser/parseRgba.mdx, after:

---
id: parseRgba
title: parseRgba
description: "Learn how to use the parseRgba function in Colore JS to parse and convert RGBA color values. This guide covers the syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for working with RGBA colors in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - parseRgba
  - parse RGBA
  - RGBA color parsing
  - RGBA color conversion
  - color conversion
  - javascript color parsing
  - color manipulation
---

# parseRgba

The `parseRgba` function parses an RGBA color string into its individual components.

## Syntax

```typescript
parseRgba(color: string): { r: number; rUnit: string; rNum: number; g: number; gUnit: string; gNum: number; b: number; bUnit: string; bNum: number; a: number; aUnit: string; aNum: number; }
```

### Parameters

- **`color`** (string): The RGBA color string to parse.

### Returns

- **object**: An object containing RGBA values and units.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if the color string is not a valid RGBA format.

## Example

```typescript
import { parseRgba } from 'colore-js';

const rgba = parseRgba('rgba(255, 0, 0, 0.5)');
console.log(rgba);
// Output: { r: 255, rUnit: '', rNum: 255, g: 0, gUnit: '', gNum: 0, b: 0, bUnit: '', bNum: 0, a: 0.5, aUnit: '', aNum: 0.5 }

const rgbaPercent = parseRgba('rgba(100%, 0%, 0%, 50%)');
console.log(rgbaPercent);
// Output: { r: 255, rUnit: '%', rNum: 255, g: 0, gUnit: '%', gNum: 0, b: 0, bUnit: '%', bNum: 0, a: 50, aUnit: '%', aNum: 0.5 }
```

## Usage

The `parseRgba` function is used to convert an RGBA color string to its individual components. This can be useful for color manipulation and analysis in various design and art applications.
