docs/docs/api/parser/parseHexAlpha.mdx, before:

---
id: parseHexAlpha
title: parseHexAlpha
---

# parseHexAlpha

The `parseHexAlpha` function parses a HEX color string with alpha to its RGBA components. This function supports both 4-digit and 8-digit HEX formats.

## Syntax

```typescript
parseHexAlpha(color: string): { r: number; g: number; b: number; a: number }
```

### Parameters

- **`color`** (string): The HEX color string with alpha to parse.

### Returns

- **object**: An object containing RGBA values.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if the HEX color format is invalid.

## Example

```typescript
import { parseHexAlpha } from 'colore-js';

const rgba = parseHexAlpha('#ff000080');
console.log(rgba);
// Output: { r: 255, g: 0, b: 0, a: 0.502 }

const rgbaShort = parseHexAlpha('#f008');
console.log(rgbaShort);
// Output: { r: 255, g: 0, b: 0, a: 0.5333 }
```

## Usage

The `parseHexAlpha` function is used to convert a HEX color string with alpha to its RGBA components. This can be useful for color manipulation and analysis in various design and art applications.

Commit message:

docs(parseHexAlpha): add description and keywords
The parseHexAlpha document updated to include a detailed description and keywords for SEO purposes. Changes aim to improve the document's visibility in search engines and to provide a more comprehensive guide on how to use the parseHexAlpha function in Colore JS.

docs/docs/api/parser/parseHexAlpha.mdx, after:

---
id: parseHexAlpha
title: parseHexAlpha
description: "Discover how to use the parseHexAlpha function in Colore JS to parse and convert HEX Alpha color values. This comprehensive guide covers the syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for working with HEX Alpha colors in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - parseHexAlpha
  - parse hex color in javascript
  - parse hex alpha color in javascript
  - extract hex color in javascript
  - hex color parsing
  - hex color conversion
  - hex alpha color parsing
  - hex alpha color conversion
  - color conversion
  - javascript color parsing
  - color manipulation
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# parseHexAlpha

The `parseHexAlpha` function parses a HEX color string with alpha to its RGBA components. This function supports both 4-digit and 8-digit HEX formats.

## Syntax

```typescript
parseHexAlpha(color: string): { r: number; g: number; b: number; a: number }
```

### Parameters

- **`color`** (string): The HEX color string with alpha to parse.

### Returns

- **object**: An object containing RGBA values.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if the HEX color format is invalid.

## Example

```typescript
import { parseHexAlpha } from 'colore-js';

const rgba = parseHexAlpha('#ff000080');
console.log(rgba);
// Output: { r: 255, g: 0, b: 0, a: 0.502 }

const rgbaShort = parseHexAlpha('#f008');
console.log(rgbaShort);
// Output: { r: 255, g: 0, b: 0, a: 0.5333 }
```

## Usage

The `parseHexAlpha` function is used to convert a HEX color string with alpha to its RGBA components. This can be useful for color manipulation and analysis in various design and art applications.
