docs/docs/api/parser/parseLab.mdx, before:

---
id: parseLab
title: parseLab
---

# parseLab

The `parseLab` function parses a LAB color string and returns an object containing the LAB values and units.

## Syntax

```typescript
parseLab(color: string): { l: number; lUnit?: string; a: number; aUnit?: string; b: number; bUnit?: string; alpha?: number; alphaUnit?: string; alphaNum?: number; }
```

### Parameters

- **`color`** (string): The LAB color string to parse.

### Returns

- **object**: An object containing the LAB values and units.

### Throws

- **Error**: If the LAB color format is invalid.

## Example

```typescript
import { parseLab } from 'colore-js';

const lab = parseLab('lab(53.23288% 80.109309 -67.220068)');
console.log(lab);
// Output: { l: 53.23288, lUnit: '%', a: 80.109309, aUnit: undefined, b: -67.220068, bUnit: undefined }

const labWithAlpha = parseLab('lab(53.23288% 80.109309 -67.220068 / 0.5)');
console.log(labWithAlpha);
// Output: { l: 53.23288, lUnit: '%', a: 80.109309, aUnit: undefined, b: -67.220068, bUnit: undefined, alpha: 0.5, alphaUnit: undefined, alphaNum: 0.5 }
```

## Usage

The `parseLab` function is used to convert a LAB color string to its individual components. This can be useful for color manipulation and analysis in various design and art applications.

Commit message:

docs: Add metadata and structure to parseLab doc page
Extended the documentation for the parseLab function in Colore JS library, by adding description and keywords metadata for better SEO. Also, integrated StructuredData component for improved layout and comprehension.

docs/docs/api/parser/parseLab.mdx, after:

---
id: parseLab
title: parseLab
description: "Learn how to use the parseLab function in Colore JS to parse and convert LAB color values. This guide covers the syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for working with LAB colors in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - parseLab
  - parse lab color
  - lab color parsing
  - lab color conversion
  - color conversion
  - javascript color parsing
  - color manipulation
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# parseLab

The `parseLab` function parses a LAB color string and returns an object containing the LAB values and units.

## Syntax

```typescript
parseLab(color: string): { l: number; lUnit?: string; a: number; aUnit?: string; b: number; bUnit?: string; alpha?: number; alphaUnit?: string; alphaNum?: number; }
```

### Parameters

- **`color`** (string): The LAB color string to parse.

### Returns

- **object**: An object containing the LAB values and units.

### Throws

- **Error**: If the LAB color format is invalid.

## Example

```typescript
import { parseLab } from 'colore-js';

const lab = parseLab('lab(53.23288% 80.109309 -67.220068)');
console.log(lab);
// Output: { l: 53.23288, lUnit: '%', a: 80.109309, aUnit: undefined, b: -67.220068, bUnit: undefined }

const labWithAlpha = parseLab('lab(53.23288% 80.109309 -67.220068 / 0.5)');
console.log(labWithAlpha);
// Output: { l: 53.23288, lUnit: '%', a: 80.109309, aUnit: undefined, b: -67.220068, bUnit: undefined, alpha: 0.5, alphaUnit: undefined, alphaNum: 0.5 }
```

## Usage

The `parseLab` function is used to convert a LAB color string to its individual components. This can be useful for color manipulation and analysis in various design and art applications.
