docs/docs/api/parser/parseHsla.mdx, before:

---
id: parseHsla
title: parseHsla
---

# parseHsla

The `parseHsla` function parses an HSLA color string and returns an object containing the hue, saturation, lightness, and alpha values.

## Syntax

```typescript
parseHsla(color: string): { h: number; hUnit?: string; hDeg: number; s: number; sUnit?: string; l: number; lUnit?: string; a: number | undefined; aUnit?: string; aNum: number; }
```

### Parameters

- **`color`** (string): The HSLA color string to parse.

### Returns

- **object**: An object containing the hue, saturation, lightness, and alpha values along with their units.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if the input color format is invalid.

## Example

```typescript
import { parseHsla } from 'colore-js';

const hsla = parseHsla('hsla(120, 100%, 50%, 0.5)');
console.log(hsla);
// Output: { h: 120, hUnit: undefined, hDeg: 120, s: 100, sUnit: '%', l: 50, lUnit: '%', a: 0.5, aUnit: undefined, aNum: 0.5 }

const hslaWithUnit = parseHsla('hsla(120deg, 100%, 50%, 50%)');
console.log(hslaWithUnit);
// Output: { h: 120, hUnit: 'deg', hDeg: 120, s: 100, sUnit: '%', l: 50, lUnit: '%', a: 0.5, aUnit: '%', aNum: 0.5 }
```

## Usage

The `parseHsla` function is used to convert an HSLA color string to its individual components. This can be useful for color manipulation and analysis in various design and art applications.

Commit message:

docs: Add description and keywords to parseHsla doc
Enhanced the parseHsla function documentation page by adding a complete description and a list of relevant keywords. This will provide more context about the functionality and improve search engine optimization.

docs/docs/api/parser/parseHsla.mdx, after:

---
id: parseHsla
title: parseHsla
description: "Learn how to use the parseHsla function in Colore JS to parse and convert HSLA color values. This guide covers the syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for working with HSLA colors in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - parseHsla
  - parse hsla color
  - hsla color parsing
  - hsla color conversion
  - color conversion
  - javascript color parsing
  - color manipulation
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# parseHsla

The `parseHsla` function parses an HSLA color string and returns an object containing the hue, saturation, lightness, and alpha values.

## Syntax

```typescript
parseHsla(color: string): { h: number; hUnit?: string; hDeg: number; s: number; sUnit?: string; l: number; lUnit?: string; a: number | undefined; aUnit?: string; aNum: number; }
```

### Parameters

- **`color`** (string): The HSLA color string to parse.

### Returns

- **object**: An object containing the hue, saturation, lightness, and alpha values along with their units.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if the input color format is invalid.

## Example

```typescript
import { parseHsla } from 'colore-js';

const hsla = parseHsla('hsla(120, 100%, 50%, 0.5)');
console.log(hsla);
// Output: { h: 120, hUnit: undefined, hDeg: 120, s: 100, sUnit: '%', l: 50, lUnit: '%', a: 0.5, aUnit: undefined, aNum: 0.5 }

const hslaWithUnit = parseHsla('hsla(120deg, 100%, 50%, 50%)');
console.log(hslaWithUnit);
// Output: { h: 120, hUnit: 'deg', hDeg: 120, s: 100, sUnit: '%', l: 50, lUnit: '%', a: 0.5, aUnit: '%', aNum: 0.5 }
```

## Usage

The `parseHsla` function is used to convert an HSLA color string to its individual components. This can be useful for color manipulation and analysis in various design and art applications.
