docs/docs/api/parser/recomposeColor.mdx, before:

---
id: recomposeColor
title: recomposeColor
---

# recomposeColor

The `recomposeColor` function recomposes color values into a color string based on the detected format.

## Syntax

```typescript
recomposeColor(color: string, decomposed: any): string
```

### Parameters

- **`color`** (string): The original color string.
- **`decomposed`** (object): The decomposed color object.

### Returns

- **string**: The recomposed color string.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if the color format or values are invalid.

## Example

```typescript
import { recomposeColor } from 'colore-js';

const decomposedRgb = { r: 255, g: 0, b: 0 };
const recomposedRgb = recomposeColor('rgb(255, 0, 0)', decomposedRgb);
console.log(recomposedRgb);
// Output: 'rgb(255, 0, 0)'

const decomposedRgba = { r: 255, g: 0, b: 0, a: 0.5 };
const recomposedRgba = recomposeColor('rgba(255, 0, 0, 0.5)', decomposedRgba);
console.log(recomposedRgba);
// Output: 'rgba(255, 0, 0, 0.5)'
```

## Usage

The `recomposeColor` function is used to recompose color values into their original format. This can be useful for color manipulation and analysis in various design and art applications.

Commit message:

feat: Add description and keywords to recomposeColor.md
The `recomposeColor.md` file in Colore JS' API is updated with keyword metadata and an in-depth description about the functionality of the `recomposeColor` function. Enhancements include sample usage, syntax coverage, and implications of color reconstruction within relevant projects.

docs/docs/api/parser/recomposeColor.mdx, after:

---
id: recomposeColor
title: recomposeColor
description: "Learn how to use the recomposeColor function in Colore JS to reconstruct a color from its components. This guide covers the syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for rebuilding colors in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - recomposeColor
  - recompose color
  - color reconstruction
  - color conversion
  - javascript color manipulation
  - color manipulation
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# recomposeColor

The `recomposeColor` function recomposes color values into a color string based on the detected format.

## Syntax

```typescript
recomposeColor(color: string, decomposed: any): string
```

### Parameters

- **`color`** (string): The original color string.
- **`decomposed`** (object): The decomposed color object.

### Returns

- **string**: The recomposed color string.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if the color format or values are invalid.

## Example

```typescript
import { recomposeColor } from 'colore-js';

const decomposedRgb = { r: 255, g: 0, b: 0 };
const recomposedRgb = recomposeColor('rgb(255, 0, 0)', decomposedRgb);
console.log(recomposedRgb);
// Output: 'rgb(255, 0, 0)'

const decomposedRgba = { r: 255, g: 0, b: 0, a: 0.5 };
const recomposedRgba = recomposeColor('rgba(255, 0, 0, 0.5)', decomposedRgba);
console.log(recomposedRgba);
// Output: 'rgba(255, 0, 0, 0.5)'
```

## Usage

The `recomposeColor` function is used to recompose color values into their original format. This can be useful for color manipulation and analysis in various design and art applications.
