docs/docs/api/manipulations/blendColors.mdx, before:

---
id: blendColors
title: blendColors
---

# blendColors

The `blendColors` function blends two colors using the specified blending mode and ratio. It provides various blending modes such as normal, multiply, screen, overlay, darken, lighten, difference, and exclusion.

## Syntax

```typescript
blendColors(color1: string, color2: string, mode: BlendingMode = BlendingModes.NORMAL, ratio = 0.5): string
```

### Parameters

- **`color1`** (string): The first color.
- **`color2`** (string): The second color.
- **`mode`** (BlendingMode): The blending mode to use. Defaults to `BlendingModes.NORMAL`.
- **`ratio`** (number): The ratio for interpolation blending (0-1). Defaults to 0.5.

### Returns

- **string**: The blended color.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if the blending mode is unsupported.

## Example

```typescript
import { blendColors, BlendingModes } from 'colore-js';

const blended = blendColors('#ff0000', '#0000ff', BlendingModes.MULTIPLY);
console.log(blended);
// Output: '#000000'

const blendedNormal = blendColors('rgb(255, 0, 0)', 'rgb(0, 0, 255)', BlendingModes.NORMAL, 0.5);
console.log(blendedNormal);
// Output: 'rgb(128, 0, 128)'
```

## Usage

The `blendColors` function is used to blend two colors together using a specified blending mode and ratio. This is particularly useful in design and art for creating various color effects and combinations.

Commit message:

docs(blendColors): Add description and keywords to documentation
Extended the blendColors documentation in colore-js. Added a detailed description and relevant keywords for better SEO. Also, initiated importing of StructuredData component to enhance the structured data of the page.

docs/docs/api/manipulations/blendColors.mdx, after:

---
id: blendColors
title: blendColors
description: "Discover how to use the blendColors function in Colore JS to blend two colors seamlessly. This guide explains the function's syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for creating smooth color transitions in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - blendColors
  - blend colors
  - css color blending
  - javascript color blending
  - parse color
  - smooth colors
  - color gradients
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# blendColors

The `blendColors` function blends two colors using the specified blending mode and ratio. It provides various blending modes such as normal, multiply, screen, overlay, darken, lighten, difference, and exclusion.

## Syntax

```typescript
blendColors(color1: string, color2: string, mode: BlendingMode = BlendingModes.NORMAL, ratio = 0.5): string
```

### Parameters

- **`color1`** (string): The first color.
- **`color2`** (string): The second color.
- **`mode`** (BlendingMode): The blending mode to use. Defaults to `BlendingModes.NORMAL`.
- **`ratio`** (number): The ratio for interpolation blending (0-1). Defaults to 0.5.

### Returns

- **string**: The blended color.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if the blending mode is unsupported.

## Example

```typescript
import { blendColors, BlendingModes } from 'colore-js';

const blended = blendColors('#ff0000', '#0000ff', BlendingModes.MULTIPLY);
console.log(blended);
// Output: '#000000'

const blendedNormal = blendColors('rgb(255, 0, 0)', 'rgb(0, 0, 255)', BlendingModes.NORMAL, 0.5);
console.log(blendedNormal);
// Output: 'rgb(128, 0, 128)'
```

## Usage

The `blendColors` function is used to blend two colors together using a specified blending mode and ratio. This is particularly useful in design and art for creating various color effects and combinations.
