docs/docs/api/manipulations/darkenColor.mdx, before:

---
id: darkenColor
title: darkenColor
---

# darkenColor

The `darkenColor` function darkens a given color by a specified amount. This is useful for creating darker shades of a color for design and art purposes.

## Syntax

```typescript
darkenColor(color: string, amount: number): string | undefined
```

### Parameters

- **`color`** (string): The input color string in any supported format (hex, rgb, hsl, etc.).
- **`amount`** (number): The amount to darken the color (0-100).

### Returns

- **string | undefined**: The darkened color in the original format.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if the input color format is invalid.

## Example

```typescript
import { darkenColor } from 'colore-js';

const darkened = darkenColor('#ff0000', 20);
console.log(darkened);
// Output: '#cc0000'

const darkenedRgb = darkenColor('rgb(255, 0, 0)', 20);
console.log(darkenedRgb);
// Output: 'rgb(204, 0, 0)'
```

## Usage

The `darkenColor` function is used to create darker shades of a color, which can be useful in design and art for adding depth and contrast to color schemes.

Commit message:

docs: Update darkenColor documentation
Enhanced the documentation for the darkenColor function in the Colore JS library. Additional information includes a detailed description, set of keywords for SEO, and the importation of a StructuredData component. These changes aim to improve understanding and discoverability of the darkenColor function.

docs/docs/api/manipulations/darkenColor.mdx, after:

---
id: darkenColor
title: darkenColor
description: "Learn how to use the darkenColor function in Colore JS to darken a given color. This guide covers the syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for adjusting color darkness in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - darkenColor
  - darken color
  - css color manipulation
  - javascript color manipulation
  - color darkening
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# darkenColor

The `darkenColor` function darkens a given color by a specified amount. This is useful for creating darker shades of a color for design and art purposes.

## Syntax

```typescript
darkenColor(color: string, amount: number): string | undefined
```

### Parameters

- **`color`** (string): The input color string in any supported format (hex, rgb, hsl, etc.).
- **`amount`** (number): The amount to darken the color (0-100).

### Returns

- **string | undefined**: The darkened color in the original format.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if the input color format is invalid.

## Example

```typescript
import { darkenColor } from 'colore-js';

const darkened = darkenColor('#ff0000', 20);
console.log(darkened);
// Output: '#cc0000'

const darkenedRgb = darkenColor('rgb(255, 0, 0)', 20);
console.log(darkenedRgb);
// Output: 'rgb(204, 0, 0)'
```

## Usage

The `darkenColor` function is used to create darker shades of a color, which can be useful in design and art for adding depth and contrast to color schemes.
