docs/docs/api/manipulations/desaturateColor.mdx, before:

---
id: desaturateColor
title: desaturateColor
---

# desaturateColor

The `desaturateColor` function desaturates a given color by a specified amount. This is useful for reducing the intensity of a color to create more muted or grayscale shades.

## Syntax

```typescript
desaturateColor(color: string, amount: number): string
```

### Parameters

- **`color`** (string): The input color string in any supported format (hex, rgb, hsl, etc.).
- **`amount`** (number): The amount to desaturate the color (0-100).

### Returns

- **string**: The desaturated color in the original format.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if the input color format is invalid.

## Example

```typescript
import { desaturateColor } from 'colore-js';

const desaturated = desaturateColor('#ff0000', 50);
console.log(desaturated);
// Output: '#804040'

const desaturatedRgb = desaturateColor('rgb(255, 0, 0)', 50);
console.log(desaturatedRgb);
// Output: 'rgb(128, 64, 64)'
```

## Usage

The `desaturateColor` function is used to create more muted or grayscale shades of a color, which can be useful in design and art for achieving specific aesthetic effects.

Commit message:

docs: Update desaturateColor documentation
Expands on the desaturateColor API documentation by adding description, keywords, and a StructuredData component. This change allows for better understanding of the desaturateColor function usage and improves SEO.

docs/docs/api/manipulations/desaturateColor.mdx, after:

---
id: desaturateColor
title: desaturateColor
description: "Learn how to use the desaturateColor function in Colore JS to reduce the saturation of a given color. This guide covers the syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for adjusting color saturation in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - desaturateColor
  - desaturate color
  - color desaturation
  - color saturation
  - css saturate
  - css desaturate
  - css color saturation
  - javascript color saturation
  - color manipulation
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# desaturateColor

The `desaturateColor` function desaturates a given color by a specified amount. This is useful for reducing the intensity of a color to create more muted or grayscale shades.

## Syntax

```typescript
desaturateColor(color: string, amount: number): string
```

### Parameters

- **`color`** (string): The input color string in any supported format (hex, rgb, hsl, etc.).
- **`amount`** (number): The amount to desaturate the color (0-100).

### Returns

- **string**: The desaturated color in the original format.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if the input color format is invalid.

## Example

```typescript
import { desaturateColor } from 'colore-js';

const desaturated = desaturateColor('#ff0000', 50);
console.log(desaturated);
// Output: '#804040'

const desaturatedRgb = desaturateColor('rgb(255, 0, 0)', 50);
console.log(desaturatedRgb);
// Output: 'rgb(128, 64, 64)'
```

## Usage

The `desaturateColor` function is used to create more muted or grayscale shades of a color, which can be useful in design and art for achieving specific aesthetic effects.
