docs/docs/api/manipulations/lightenColor.mdx, before:

---
id: lightenColor
title: lightenColor
---

# lightenColor

The `lightenColor` function lightens a given color by a specified amount. This is useful for creating lighter shades of a color for design and art purposes.

## Syntax

```typescript
lightenColor(color: string, amount: number): string | undefined
```

### Parameters

- **`color`** (string): The input color string in any supported format (hex, rgb, hsl, etc.).
- **`amount`** (number): The amount to lighten the color (0-100).

### Returns

- **string | undefined**: The lightened color in the original format.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if the input color format is invalid.

## Example

```typescript
import { lightenColor } from 'colore-js';

const lightened = lightenColor('#ff0000', 20);
console.log(lightened);
// Output: '#ff6666'

const lightenedRgb = lightenColor('rgb(255, 0, 0)', 20);
console.log(lightenedRgb);
// Output: 'rgb(255, 51, 51)'
```

## Usage

The `lightenColor` function is used to create lighter shades of a color, which can be useful in design and art for adding highlights and contrast to color schemes.

Commit message:

docs: Update lightenColor function documentation
Expanded the lightenColor function documentation in Colore JS by adding a description, relevant keywords, and importing the StructuredData component. This aims to provide more detailed information about the function's use, syntax, and applications.

docs/docs/api/manipulations/lightenColor.mdx, after:

---
id: lightenColor
title: lightenColor
description: "Learn how to use the lightenColor function in Colore JS to lighten colors in various formats. This guide covers the syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for color lightening in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - lightenColor
  - lighten color
  - light colors
  - light color palette
  - css color manipulation
  - javascript color manipulation
  - color lightening
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# lightenColor

The `lightenColor` function lightens a given color by a specified amount. This is useful for creating lighter shades of a color for design and art purposes.

## Syntax

```typescript
lightenColor(color: string, amount: number): string | undefined
```

### Parameters

- **`color`** (string): The input color string in any supported format (hex, rgb, hsl, etc.).
- **`amount`** (number): The amount to lighten the color (0-100).

### Returns

- **string | undefined**: The lightened color in the original format.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if the input color format is invalid.

## Example

```typescript
import { lightenColor } from 'colore-js';

const lightened = lightenColor('#ff0000', 20);
console.log(lightened);
// Output: '#ff6666'

const lightenedRgb = lightenColor('rgb(255, 0, 0)', 20);
console.log(lightenedRgb);
// Output: 'rgb(255, 51, 51)'
```

## Usage

The `lightenColor` function is used to create lighter shades of a color, which can be useful in design and art for adding highlights and contrast to color schemes.
