docs/docs/api/manipulations/saturateColor.mdx, before:

---
id: saturateColor
title: saturateColor
---

# saturateColor

The `saturateColor` function saturates a given color by a specified amount. This is useful for increasing the intensity of a color to create more vibrant shades.

## Syntax

```typescript
saturateColor(color: string, amount: number): string
```

### Parameters

- **`color`** (string): The input color string in any supported format (hex, rgb, hsl, etc.).
- **`amount`** (number): The amount to saturate the color (0-100).

### Returns

- **string**: The saturated color in the original format.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if the input color format is invalid.

## Example

```typescript
import { saturateColor } from 'colore-js';

const saturated = saturateColor('#ff0000', 50);
console.log(saturated);
// Output: '#ff3333'

const saturatedRgb = saturateColor('rgb(255, 0, 0)', 50);
console.log(saturatedRgb);
// Output: 'rgb(255, 51, 51)'
```

## Usage

The `saturateColor` function is used to create more vibrant shades of a color, which can be useful in design and art for adding emphasis and contrast to color schemes.

Commit message:

feat: Add description and keywords to saturateColor doc
Added a detailed description and relevant keywords to the saturateColor documentation page. These additions aim to improve SEO and provide a better understanding for users on how to utilize the saturateColor function in the Colore JS library. Also imported the StructuredData component to enhance information display.

docs/docs/api/manipulations/saturateColor.mdx, after:

---
id: saturateColor
title: saturateColor
description: "Learn how to use the desaturateColor function in Colore JS to reduce the saturation of a given color. This guide covers the syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for adjusting color saturation in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - saturateColor
  - saturate color
  - color saturation
  - css saturate
  - css color saturation
  - javascript color saturation
  - color manipulation
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# saturateColor

The `saturateColor` function saturates a given color by a specified amount. This is useful for increasing the intensity of a color to create more vibrant shades.

## Syntax

```typescript
saturateColor(color: string, amount: number): string
```

### Parameters

- **`color`** (string): The input color string in any supported format (hex, rgb, hsl, etc.).
- **`amount`** (number): The amount to saturate the color (0-100).

### Returns

- **string**: The saturated color in the original format.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if the input color format is invalid.

## Example

```typescript
import { saturateColor } from 'colore-js';

const saturated = saturateColor('#ff0000', 50);
console.log(saturated);
// Output: '#ff3333'

const saturatedRgb = saturateColor('rgb(255, 0, 0)', 50);
console.log(saturatedRgb);
// Output: 'rgb(255, 51, 51)'
```

## Usage

The `saturateColor` function is used to create more vibrant shades of a color, which can be useful in design and art for adding emphasis and contrast to color schemes.
