docs/docs/api/harmony/tetradicColors.mdx, before:

---
id: tetradicColors
title: tetradicColors
---

# tetradicColors

The `tetradicColors` function finds the tetradic colors of a given color. Tetradic colors are four colors arranged into two complementary pairs, providing a rich and diverse palette.

## Syntax

```typescript
tetradicColors(color: string): string[]
```

### Parameters

- **`color`** (string): The input color string in any supported format (hex, rgb, hsl, etc.).

### Returns

- **string[]**: An array of tetradic colors in the original format.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if the input color format is invalid.

## Example

```typescript
import { tetradicColors } from 'colore-js';

const tetradic = tetradicColors('#ff0000');
console.log(tetradic);
// Output: ['#00ff00', '#0000ff', '#ff00ff']

const tetradicRgb = tetradicColors('rgb(255, 0, 0)');
console.log(tetradicRgb);
// Output: ['rgb(0, 255, 0)', 'rgb(0, 0, 255)', 'rgb(255, 0, 255)']
```

## Usage

The `tetradicColors` function is used to generate a set of four colors that are well-balanced and vibrant. This is particularly useful in design and art for creating complex and visually appealing color schemes.

Commit message:

docs: Add detailed description and keywords to tetradicColors.mdx
This commit enhances the tetradicColors documentation in the Colore JS API by adding an in-depth explanation and relevant keywords. Now, it provides more context about the function's utility, syntax, and possible usages for users seeking to generate vibrant color schemes.

docs/docs/api/harmony/tetradicColors.mdx, after:

---
id: tetradicColors
title: tetradicColors
description: "Discover how to use the tetradicColors function in Colore JS to create vibrant tetradic color schemes. This guide covers the function's syntax, parameters, examples, and applications for producing balanced and colorful designs."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - tetradicColors
  - create tetradic colors
  - generate analogous colors
  - color harmony generator
  - harmony color generator
  - create harmony colors in javascript
  - color scheme generator
  - tetradic color palette
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# tetradicColors

The `tetradicColors` function finds the tetradic colors of a given color. Tetradic colors are four colors arranged into two complementary pairs, providing a rich and diverse palette.

## Syntax

```typescript
tetradicColors(color: string): string[]
```

### Parameters

- **`color`** (string): The input color string in any supported format (hex, rgb, hsl, etc.).

### Returns

- **string[]**: An array of tetradic colors in the original format.

### Throws

- **Error**: Throws an error if the input color format is invalid.

## Example

```typescript
import { tetradicColors } from 'colore-js';

const tetradic = tetradicColors('#ff0000');
console.log(tetradic);
// Output: ['#00ff00', '#0000ff', '#ff00ff']

const tetradicRgb = tetradicColors('rgb(255, 0, 0)');
console.log(tetradicRgb);
// Output: ['rgb(0, 255, 0)', 'rgb(0, 0, 255)', 'rgb(255, 0, 255)']
```

## Usage

The `tetradicColors` function is used to generate a set of four colors that are well-balanced and vibrant. This is particularly useful in design and art for creating complex and visually appealing color schemes.
