docs/docs/api/validations/isValidNamedColor.mdx, before:

---
id: isValidNamedColor
title: isValidNamedColor
---

# isValidNamedColor

The `isValidNamedColor` function checks if the input string is a valid named CSS color.

## Syntax

```typescript
isValidNamedColor(color: string): boolean
```

### Parameters

- **`color`** (string): The input color string.

### Returns

- **boolean**: True if the input is a valid named CSS color, false otherwise.

## Example

```typescript
import { isValidNamedColor } from 'colore-js';

console.log(isValidNamedColor('red')); // Output: true
console.log(isValidNamedColor('blue')); // Output: true
console.log(isValidNamedColor('invalidColor')); // Output: false
console.log(isValidNamedColor('Green')); // Output: true
console.log(isValidNamedColor('YELLOW')); // Output: true
console.log(isValidNamedColor('blurple')); // Output: false
```

## Usage

The `isValidNamedColor` function is used to validate whether a given color string is a named CSS color. This can be useful for input validation in color manipulation and design applications.

Commit message:

docs: Update isValidNamedColor documentation
This commit adds a detailed description and relevant keywords to validate named color function's documentation (isValidNamedColor) in Colore JS library. It also imports 'StructuredData' component for better documentation structure.

docs/docs/api/validations/isValidNamedColor.mdx, after:

---
id: isValidNamedColor
title: isValidNamedColor
description: "Learn how to use the isValidNamedColor function in Colore JS to validate named color strings. This guide provides syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for ensuring the validity of named colors in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - isValidNamedColor
  - named color validation
  - validate named color
  - named color format
  - javascript color validation
  - color manipulation
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# isValidNamedColor

The `isValidNamedColor` function checks if the input string is a valid named CSS color.

## Syntax

```typescript
isValidNamedColor(color: string): boolean
```

### Parameters

- **`color`** (string): The input color string.

### Returns

- **boolean**: True if the input is a valid named CSS color, false otherwise.

## Example

```typescript
import { isValidNamedColor } from 'colore-js';

console.log(isValidNamedColor('red')); // Output: true
console.log(isValidNamedColor('blue')); // Output: true
console.log(isValidNamedColor('invalidColor')); // Output: false
console.log(isValidNamedColor('Green')); // Output: true
console.log(isValidNamedColor('YELLOW')); // Output: true
console.log(isValidNamedColor('blurple')); // Output: false
```

## Usage

The `isValidNamedColor` function is used to validate whether a given color string is a named CSS color. This can be useful for input validation in color manipulation and design applications.
