docs/docs/api/validations/isValidHexAlpha.mdx, before:

---
id: isValidHexAlpha
title: isValidHexAlpha
---

# isValidHexAlpha

The `isValidHexAlpha` function checks if the input string is a valid Hex color format with alpha. It supports both shorthand (#RGBA) and standard (#RRGGBBAA) hex formats.

## Syntax

```typescript
isValidHexAlpha(color: string): boolean
```

### Parameters

- **`color`** (string): The input color string.

### Returns

- **boolean**: True if the input is a valid hex color with alpha, false otherwise.

## Example

```typescript
import { isValidHexAlpha } from 'colore-js';

console.log(isValidHexAlpha('#ff0000ff')); // Output: true
console.log(isValidHexAlpha('#f00f'));    // Output: true
console.log(isValidHexAlpha('#ff0000'));  // Output: false
console.log(isValidHexAlpha('red'));      // Output: false
```

## Usage

The `isValidHexAlpha` function is used to validate whether a given color string conforms to the Hex color format with alpha. This can be useful for input validation in color manipulation and design applications.

Commit message:

docs: Update isValidHexAlpha documentation page
Added a description and keywords to enhance SEO. Included a component for Structured Data to improve page's metadata.

docs/docs/api/validations/isValidHexAlpha.mdx, after:

---
id: isValidHexAlpha
title: isValidHexAlpha
description: "Discover how to use the isValidHexAlpha function in Colore JS to validate HEX Alpha color strings. This guide covers the syntax, parameters, examples, and practical applications for ensuring the validity of HEX Alpha colors in your projects."
keywords:
  - colore-js
  - colore
  - colore js
  - isValidHexAlpha
  - hex alpha color validation
  - validate hex alpha color
  - hex alpha color format
  - javascript color validation
  - color manipulation
---

import StructuredData from '@site/src/components/StructuredData';

<StructuredData />

# isValidHexAlpha

The `isValidHexAlpha` function checks if the input string is a valid Hex color format with alpha. It supports both shorthand (#RGBA) and standard (#RRGGBBAA) hex formats.

## Syntax

```typescript
isValidHexAlpha(color: string): boolean
```

### Parameters

- **`color`** (string): The input color string.

### Returns

- **boolean**: True if the input is a valid hex color with alpha, false otherwise.

## Example

```typescript
import { isValidHexAlpha } from 'colore-js';

console.log(isValidHexAlpha('#ff0000ff')); // Output: true
console.log(isValidHexAlpha('#f00f'));    // Output: true
console.log(isValidHexAlpha('#ff0000'));  // Output: false
console.log(isValidHexAlpha('red'));      // Output: false
```

## Usage

The `isValidHexAlpha` function is used to validate whether a given color string conforms to the Hex color format with alpha. This can be useful for input validation in color manipulation and design applications.
